NCT Number	Study Summary
NCT00273910	Study Title: Evaluation of the Impact of Adjuvants Accompanying Peptide Immunization in High-Risk Melanoma. Brief Summary: This study will evaluate the immunization effects of a vaccine for patients who are at risk for recurrence of their skin cancer. That is, the risk of cancer is higher if melanoma has invaded deep into the skin or lymph nodes. Currently, the only therapy that the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) has approved for preventing recurrence of melanoma is alpha-interferon. But the research data are controversial. In this study, the vaccine to be used, called gp100, contains a piece of a protein called a peptide, which melanoma cancer cells produce. Patients 16 and older who have had confirmed melanoma surgically removed and whose tissue type is tested as being human leukocyte antigen serotype within HLA-A serotype group (HLA-A2), through a specific blood test, may be eligible for this study. Up to 132 participants will be enrolled. There will be a physical examination and collection of blood samples for tests, and making sure that x-rays and scans are current. Patients will be randomly assigned to four groups. Group 1 will receive the peptide with an adjuvant (assistant) oil-based liquid called Montanide ISA-51, as an injection in the thigh. Group 2 will receive gp100, Montanide, and a cream called imiquimod, which the FDA has approved for treating genital warts and herpes but that may help immune cells in the skin to recognize the vaccine. Imiquimod will be applied to the skin for 5 days. Group 3 will receive gp100 mixed in salt water given as several mini-doses under the skin of the thigh. Group 4 will also receive several mini-doses of gp100 mixed in saline, as well as imiquimod cream applied to the skin for 5 days. All patients will receive the gp100 every 3 weeks for 12 weeks. Every dose is a cycle, with four cycles considered a course of therapy. If the melanoma does not return or patients do not experience side effects from this therapy, then the courses of vaccine will repeated for up to 12 cycles of therapy (3 courses over 33 weeks). Side effects of the peptide vaccination include local swelling, swelling of local lymph nodes, bruising, and pain and redness at the injection sites. There may be chills or fever. Patients will be watched closely for such side effects. To study how the vaccine changes the action of cells in the immune system, patients' white blood cells (lymphocytes) will be obtained, involving a separate informed consent. The procedure, called leukaphersis, requires inserting a needle into the arm, to obtain blood going into a machine, which divides the blood into red cells, plasma (or the serum part), and lymphocytes. The lymphocytes are removed, and the plasma and red cells returned to the patient through a second needle in the other arm. Risks associated with the procedure include fainting, which can be prevented by patients' eating before coming to the lab, and bleeding and infection at the needle site. Patients will undergo leukapheresis will be done about four times: before receiving the vaccine, 3 weeks after the first four doses, and then after 8 cycles and 12 cycles. Patients assigned to the groups receiving imiquimod will be asked to record every time they apply that cream and describe any symptoms developed during the study. All patients will be watched closely for any sign that their melanoma has returned. Before and throughout the study, multiple blood tests will be conducted. The vaccine, Montanide, and imiquimod may increase patients' immune system in fighting off new tumors, but that is not known now. However, the study may provide information that will be useful in treating melanoma patients in the future. Interventions: DRUG: gp100:209-217 (210M) | DRUG: Montanide ISA-51 | DRUG: Imiquimod.
NCT00389610	Study Title: Adjuvant GVAX Vaccine Therapy in Patients With Pancreatic Cancer. Brief Summary: This is an open label, phase II trial study of adjuvant GVAX pancreas vaccine in patients with pancreatic cancer. Interventions: BIOLOGICAL: GVAX pancreas vaccine.
NCT01072981	Study Title: Immunotherapy Study for Surgically Resected Pancreatic Cancer. Brief Summary: The purpose of this study is to assess overall survival after treatment with a regimen of adjuvant therapy (Gemcitabine alone or with 5-FU chemoradiation) with or without HyperAcute-Pancreas (algenpantucel-L) immunotherapy in subjects who have undergone surgical resection. Interventions: BIOLOGICAL: HyperAcute-Pancreas Immunotherapy | DRUG: Gemcitabine | RADIATION: 5FU Chemoradiation.
NCT05642195	Study Title: Evaluation of a Cancer Lysate Vaccine and Montanide (Registered Trademark) ISA-51 VG With or Without the IL-15 Super-Agonist N-803 as Adjuvant Therapy for PD-L1 Negative Non-Small Cell Lung Cancer. Brief Summary: Background: Surgery is the primary treatment for non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) that is diagnosed in its earlier stages. But the tumors often return. Radiation and chemotherapy can improve survival in some people who have had surgery for NSCLC, but these treatments also cause serious side effects. A new approach, called immunotherapy, may be a better way to stop NSCLC tumors from coming back. Objective: To test a new treatment (H1299 lung cancer cell vaccine combined with the drug N-803) in people who received surgery for NSCLC. Eligibility: Adults aged 18 years or older with no sign of disease after surgery for NSCLC. Design: Participants will be screened. They will have a physical exam with blood tests. They will have tests of their heart and lung function. They will have imaging scans. Study treatment will be given in 28-day cycles. Participants will visit the clinic on the first day of each cycle. They will receive 2 treatments at each visit: The study vaccine is given as 2-4 small shots under the skin of the thigh or arm. N-803 is given as a shot under the skin of the abdomen. Treatment will continue for 6 cycles. Blood tests and imaging scans will be repeated throughout the study. Participants will have a blood test 1 month after receiving the 6th vaccine. Some participants may then resume taking N-803; they may also receive 2 more vaccinations at 3 and 6 months after their previous treatment. Follow-up visits will continue for up to 5 years. Interventions: BIOLOGICAL: Montanide (Registered Trademark) ISA-51 VG Adjuvant | BIOLOGICAL: H1299 Cell Lysates | DRUG: N-803 | DEVICE: Ventana PD-L1 (SP263 or SP142) assay.
NCT03633110	Study Title: Safety, Tolerability, Immunogenicity, and Antitumor Activity of GEN-009 Adjuvanted Vaccine. Brief Summary: In this study, Genocea is evaluating an investigational, personalized adjuvanted vaccine, GEN-009, that is being developed for the treatment of patients with solid tumors. A proprietary tool developed by Genocea, called ATLAS (Antigen Lead Acquisition System) will be used to identify neoantigens in each patient's tumor that are recognized by their CD4 and/or CD8 T cells. ATLAS-identified neoantigens will then be incorporated into a patient's personalized vaccine in the form of synthetic long peptides (SLPs). Interventions: BIOLOGICAL: GEN-009 Adjuvanted Vaccine | DRUG: Nivolumab | DRUG: Pembrolizumab.
NCT00016146	Study Title: Vaccine Therapy Plus Biological Therapy in Treating Patients With Prostate Cancer. Brief Summary: RATIONALE: Vaccines may make the body build an immune response to kill tumor cells. Biological therapies use different ways to stimulate the immune system and stop cancer cells from growing. Combining vaccine therapy with biological therapy may kill more tumor cells. PURPOSE: Phase I trial to study the effectiveness in combining vaccine therapy and biological therapy in treating patients who have relapsed prostate cancer. Interventions: BIOLOGICAL: GPI-0100 | BIOLOGICAL: MUC-2-Globo H-KLH conjugate vaccine.
NCT06306846	Study Title: Neoadjuvant SBRT in Localized Advanced HNSCC. Brief Summary: The response rate of HNSCC to immune checkpoint blockade was not satisfied. Improving the mPR rate of neoadjuvant immunotherapy through the combination with other treatment methods is an important way to further improve the prognosis of such patients. This study aims to explore the efficacy and safety of PD-1 monoclonal antibody with neoadjvant SBRT and chemotherapy. The triple mode not only can Increase the effectiveness of neoadjuvant therapy，meanwhile，the in situ tumor vaccine inoculation effect generated by enhancing the release of specific antigens after tumor radiotherapy with PD-1 monoclonal antibody achieves a sustained anti-tumor immune effect throughout the body， reducing postoperative adjuvant radiotherapy and chemotherapy. The triple mode has important exploratory value in achieving high quality and long-term survival for patients, and may provides a more efficient mode for locally advanced HNSCC. Interventions: RADIATION: SBRT+immunochemotherpy | DRUG: Immunochemotherapy | DRUG: cetuximab+immunochemotharpy.
NCT00012246	Study Title: Vaccine Therapy in Treating Patients With Cancer of the Gastrointestinal Tract. Brief Summary: RATIONALE: Vaccines may make the body build an immune response to kill tumor cells. PURPOSE: Randomized phase II trial to compare the effectiveness of two different vaccines in treating patients who have cancer of the gastrointestinal tract. Interventions: BIOLOGICAL: carcinoembryonic antigen peptide 1-6D | BIOLOGICAL: incomplete Freund's adjuvant | BIOLOGICAL: sargramostim.
NCT00071981	Study Title: Vaccine Therapy Using Melanoma Peptides for Cytotoxic T Cells and Helper T Cells in Treating Patients With Metastatic Melanoma. Brief Summary: RATIONALE: Vaccines made from peptides may make the body build an immune response to kill tumor cells. PURPOSE: This randomized phase II trial is studying four different vaccines using melanoma peptides from cytotoxic T cells and helper T cells to see how well they work in treating patients with metastatic melanoma. Interventions: BIOLOGICAL: incomplete Freund's adjuvant | BIOLOGICAL: melanoma helper peptide vaccine | BIOLOGICAL: multi-epitope melanoma peptide vaccine | BIOLOGICAL: sargramostim | BIOLOGICAL: tetanus peptide melanoma vaccine.
NCT04627246	Study Title: Personalized Vaccine With SOC Chemo Followed by Nivo in Pancreatic Cancer. Brief Summary: Phase Ib clinical trial using Autologous Dendritic Cell Vaccine Loaded with Personalized Peptides (PEP) in order to stimulate/induce both innate and adaptive immunity by activating T-cells and Natural Killer (NK) cells, combined with standard of care (SOC) adjuvant chemotherapy, followed by nivolumab, an antibody against Programmed Cell Death 1 (PD-1), to maintain and boost the vaccine's effect in patients with non-metastatic resectable pancreatic adenocarcinoma. Interventions: BIOLOGICAL: Autologous Dendritic Cell Vaccine Loaded with Personalized Peptides (PEP-DC vaccine).
