NCT Number	Study Summary
NCT04523688	Study Title: Vaccination With Autologous Dendritic Cells Loaded With Autologous Tumour Homogenate in Glioblastoma. Brief Summary: Single arm, monocentric trial to assess the safety and the progression-free survival related to the combined treatment of dendritic cell vaccine loaded with autologous tumor homogenate and temozolomide in patients operated for glioblastoma and then treated with standard radiochemotherapy (according to Stupp regimen). Interventions: BIOLOGICAL: Autologous Dendritic Cells (DC) vaccine | DRUG: Temozolomide.
NCT02795988	Study Title: A Study of IMU-131(HER-Vaxx) and Chemotherapy Compared to Chemotherapy Only in Patients With HER2 Positive Advanced Gastric Cancer. Brief Summary: The Phase 1b study is an open-label, multicenter dose escalation study designed to assess the safety, tolerability, immunogenicity and recommended phase 2 dose (RP2D) of IMU-131. The RP2D will be evaluated in the dose expansion Phase 2 study. The Phase 2 study is a randomized, open label comparison of IMU-131 plus standard of care chemotherapy versus standard of care chemotherapy alone. Interventions: BIOLOGICAL: IMU-131 | DRUG: Cisplatin and either Fluorouracil (5-FU) or Capecitabine or Oxaliplatin and capecitabine.
NCT00089778	"Study Title: Vaccine Treatment of Kidney Cancer. Brief Summary: This study will evaluate the safety and side effects of two experimental vaccines in patients with kidney cancer and determine whether the vaccines ""turn on"" an immune response to the cancer. Each vaccine contains one of two peptides (pieces of proteins) from the fibroblast growth factor 5 (FGF-5) antigen, a protein produced by some cancer cells, and an oil-based liquid called Incomplete Freud's Adjuvant (Montanide ISA-51) that enhances the immune response to the vaccine. Patients 16 years of age and older who have kidney cancer that has spread beyond the kidney or whose primary kidney tumor has been removed within 6 months before entering the study and are at high risk for disease recurrence may be eligible for this study. Patients must have tissue type human leukocyte antigen serotype within HLA-A A serotype group (HLA-A2) or human leukocyte antigen serotype within HLA-A A serotype group (HLA-A3) (determined by a blood test for human leukocyte antigen (HLA) typing) and their tumors must produce the FGF-5 peptide. Candidates are screened with a physical examination, blood and urine tests, electrocardiogram (EKG), tumor biopsy (removal of a small sample of tumor for examination) in patients whose tumor is easily accessible, and scans (computed tomography (CT), bone scans) and x-rays if current scans are not available. Participants are divided into two groups according to their HLA type (HLA-A2 or HLA-A3) to receive the vaccine appropriate for their HLA type. They are then further divided into three groups: 1) Group 1 includes patients who do not need or are ineligible for treatment with interleukin-2 (IL-2), a protein made by certain infection-fighting white cells that helps fight tumors) and patients who have previously had IL-2 therapy; 2) Group 2 includes patients who require immediate treatment with IL-2; and 3) Group 3 includes patients whose cancer has been surgically removed but who are at risk for recurrence. Patients in Groups 1 and 3 receive two peptide injections four times a week every 3 weeks for up to a year, or until their tumor grows (or returns in patients in Group 3) or the side effects are too severe to continue. Tumors are evaluated with a physical examination and scans or x-rays every 12 weeks and blood tests are done every 3 weeks. Patients in Group 2 receive two peptide injections every day for 4 days, along with doses of IL-2 starting the day after the first peptide injection. The vaccines are given as injections under the skin of the thigh. IL-2 is infused through a vein over 15 minutes every 8 hours for up to 12 doses, depending on tolerance. The vaccine and IL-2 are repeated every 10 to 14 days, with tumor evaluations every 2 months. Patients stay in the hospital about 1 week during each treatment cycle to receive the IL-2. All patients undergo leukapheresis, a procedure for collecting large numbers of white blood cells. Blood is collected through a needle in an arm vein and flows through a cell separator machine, where the white cells are extracted. The rest of the blood is returned to the patient through the same needle or a needle in the other arm. The white cells are examined to evaluate how the vaccines change the action of immune cells. Some patients may undergo an additional biopsy of normal skin and tumor or lymph node to look at the effects of the vaccine on the immune cells in the tumor. Patients in Group 1 whose cancer grows and patients in Group C whose cancer returns may be offered IL-2 treatments as given to Group 2 patients, along with the peptide vaccine. If the disease responds to IL-2, the treatment may be repeated after 2 months. Interventions: DRUG: 117-126:Fibroblast growth factor 5 (FGF-5) | DRUG: Fibroblast growth factor 5 (FGF-5):172-176/217-220 | OTHER: IL-2."
NCT02501278	Study Title: A Phase II Clinical Trial of Chemo-radiotherapy in Combination With INO-3112 in Patients With Locally Advanced Cervical Cancer. Brief Summary: The aim of this study is to assess the potential benefit of the addition of immunotherapy with VGX-3100 and INO-9012 (i.e. INO-3112) to concomitant CRT or, to concomitant CRT and continued as adjuvant in patients with locally advanced cervical cancer. Safety run-in: To test the safety of CRT combined with immunotherapy with INO-3112. This safety run-in phase will include the first 3 patients treated in each of the two INO-3112 combination arms who are exposed to at least two immunotherapy doses and evaluate whether the combination does not pose undue immediate risks to the patients further enrolled in the trial. Phase II:To demonstrate sufficient activity in the experimental combination arms to warrant a further phase III conclusive trial based on progression free survival (PFS) at 18 months assessed by RECIST by the local investigator. The efficacy will be assessed within each experimental arm while the standard arm will serve as a reference arm to check the reliability of the results. Interventions: BIOLOGICAL: INO-3112 vaccine | RADIATION: Radiotherapy (Extrernal beam radiotherapy + brachytherapy) | DRUG: Cisplatin chemotherapy.
NCT00126178	Study Title: Clinical Trial Studying a Personalized Cancer Vaccine in Patients With Non-metastatic Kidney Cancer. Brief Summary: This is an international, open label, randomized phase 3 trial in which patients with surgically removable kidney cancer will be randomly selected post-operatively to receive adjuvant treatment with autologous HSPPC-96 or no adjuvant treatment. All patients will undergo complete surgical removal of their tumors. Interventions: BIOLOGICAL: HSPPC-96.
NCT00513578	Study Title: Vaccine Therapy and GM-CSF in Treating Patients With Low-Risk or Intermediate-Risk Myelodysplastic Syndrome. Brief Summary: RATIONALE: Vaccines made from peptides may help the body build an effective immune response to kill cancer cells. Colony-stimulating factors, such as GM-CSF, increase the number of white blood cells and platelets found in bone marrow or peripheral blood. Giving vaccine therapy together with GM-CSF may kill more cancer cells. PURPOSE: This phase II trial is studying how well giving vaccine therapy together with GM-CSF works in treating patients with low-risk or intermediate-risk myelodysplastic syndrome. Interventions: BIOLOGICAL: PR1 leukemia peptide vaccine | BIOLOGICAL: incomplete Freund's adjuvant | BIOLOGICAL: sargramostim.
NCT04879888	"Study Title: Personalized Vaccine for Cancer Immunotherapy. Brief Summary: Due to their genetic instability, breast tumors that do not express receptors for Estrogens, Progestagens or amplify the Her2 / neu oncogene \[called triple-negative breast cancer (TNTC)\] and other tumors such as melanoma, non-small cell lung cancer, accumulate numerous mutations that make them highly resistant to different regimens of chemo- or radiotherapy, thereby generating high morbidity and mortality. However, immunology can turn the genetic instability of tumors into the Achilles' tendon. Evidence of this has been revealed in Phase I clinical studies in patients with melanoma and lung cancer in an advanced stage of metastasis treated with Ipilimumab (anti-CTLA4) to decrease immunosuppression, in whom peptides containing mutations presented in Major Complex molecules Histocompatibility of Class I (HCM I) of the tumor itself results in their recognition as ""foreign"" neo-antigens leading to the efficient destruction of the tumor by anti-tumor CD8 + T lymphocytes that are amplified when they are vaccinated with these peptides. For this reason, the identification of non-synonymous mutations of single amino acid and vaccination with 25 amino acid peptides that incorporate these mutations (synthetic vaccines) is emerging today as an alternative for immunotherapy of cancers responsible for high mortality in humans. In an approach that takes 16 weeks, today, it is possible to go from the analysis of the tumor's transcriptome (which allows identifying the universe of tumor mutations) to the patient's vaccination with a personalized vaccine that contains neo-antigens of his tumor. TNBC is the most aggressive breast tumor, representing around 25% of breast cancers in our environment. While generally, at least 30% of women with other types of metastatic breast cancer survive 5 years after diagnosis, most patients diagnosed with metastatic CMTN die within this time. The lack of selective therapies and the poor prognosis of patients with NTMC make their therapeutic management difficult, so the implementation of new therapies for this type of tumor is the main focus of researchers who seek more effective and selective treatments to improve the life expectancy of patients without compromising their quality of life. The genetic instability and high rate of mutations of the TNBC most likely favor the generation of neo-epitopes. Still, due to the immunosuppressive environment of the tumor, it escapes the immunosurveillance of the immune system. Despite the high mortality induced by this tumor, a percentage of patients treated with neoadjuvant chemotherapy with agents such as Doxorubicin and Cyclophosphamide (AC) + Taxanes respond to this chemotherapy regimen. In particular, the anti-tumor effect of AC is attributed to two things: (i) the direct cytotoxic effect on the tumor cell, (ii) the immunostimulation of T lymphocytes promoted by Immunogenic Cell Death (ICM) selectively induced by these drugs. Therefore, in this project, we propose to carry out the first clinical study in Colombia of vaccination of patients with TNBC with synthetic peptides that contain mutations of their own tumor to evaluate the immunogenicity and safety of this type of personalized vaccine as a therapeutic alternative for this tumor. Achieving the specific objectives set out in this project would mean that we have been validated in Colombia the experimental design necessary to identify unique epitopes in tumors and demonstrate the safety and immunogenicity of these vaccines. We consider that having achieved the above; we will have taken an important step towards the implementation in our country of the use of this type of vaccine for immunotherapy not only of TNBC but of other tumors such as glioblastoma, gastric, esophagus, and pancreas, highly fatal due to its high mutation rate. Interventions: BIOLOGICAL: Peptide pulsed Dendritic cell."
NCT04147078	Study Title: Personalized DC Vaccine for Postoperative Cancer. Brief Summary: The study is aimed to the test efficacy and safety of neoantigen-primed dendritic cell (DC) cell vaccine therapy for postoperative locally advanced gastric cancer, hepatocellular carcinoma, lung cancer and colorectal cancer, and to explore the biomarkers related to efficacy and adverse event. Interventions: BIOLOGICAL: DC vaccine subcutaneous administration.
NCT01949688	Study Title: Safety and Efficacy Study of Epitope Peptide To Treat HLA-A*24 or A*02-positive Advanced Solid Tumors. Brief Summary: In this study, the investigators examine using a combination of two types of HLA-A\*2402 (or HLA-A\*0201)-restricted epitope peptides, which were derived from VEGF-R1 and VEGF-R2 the safety, immunogenicity, and antitumor effect of vaccine treatment for advanced solid tumor patients who are refractory to standard therapy. Interventions: BIOLOGICAL: HLA-A*2402 or A*0201 restricted peptides.
NCT05023928	Study Title: Tumor Antigen-sensitized DC Vaccine as an Adjuvant Therapy for Esophagus Cancer. Brief Summary: The aim of this single center, single arm and prospective study is to explore the safety and efficacy of tumor antigen-sensitized DC vaccine in postoperative adjuvant treatment of esophageal cancer. Interventions: BIOLOGICAL: Tumor antigen-sensitized DC vaccine.
