NCT Number	Study Summary
NCT06462001	Study Title: BCG + MMC: Adding Mitomycin C to BCG in High-risk, Non-muscle-invasive Bladder Cancer. Brief Summary: Instillation of Bacillus of Calmette-Guerin (BCG) into the urinary bladder (intravesical administration) improves rates of disease recurrence and progression after transurethral resection (TUR) of high risk, non-muscle-invasive bladder cancer (NMIBC), but over 30% of people still develop recurrent transitional cell carcinoma (TCC) despite optimal therapy with adjuvant intravesical BCG. Our meta-analysis, including a recent randomised phase 2 trial, suggests that outcomes might be improved further by using an adjuvant intravesical regimen that includes both Mitomycin (MM) and BCG. These promising findings require corroboration in a definitive, large scale, randomised phase 3 trial using standard techniques for intravesical administration. Interventions: BIOLOGICAL: Bacillus Calmette-Guerin Vaccine Intravesical | DRUG: Mitomycin.
NCT00085189	Study Title: Vaccine Therapy in Treating Patients With Stage IIC-IV Melanoma. Brief Summary: This pilot phase II trial studies how well giving vaccine therapy works in treating patients with stage IIC-IV melanoma. Vaccines made from melanoma peptides or antigens may help the body build an effective immune response to kill tumor cells. Interventions: BIOLOGICAL: gp100 antigen | BIOLOGICAL: tyrosinase peptide | BIOLOGICAL: recombinant MAGE-3.1 antigen | BIOLOGICAL: multi-epitope melanoma peptide vaccine | BIOLOGICAL: incomplete Freund's adjuvant | DRUG: Montanide ISA 51 VG | DRUG: agatolimod sodium | OTHER: laboratory biomarker analysis.
NCT00706992	Study Title: Anti-MART-1 F5 Lymphocytes to Treat High-Risk Melanoma Patients. Brief Summary: Background: * Melanoma antigen recognized by T cells (MART-1) is a gene that is present in melanoma cells. * This study tests an experimental treatment that uses the patient's own lymphocytes (type of white blood cell), which are specially selected and genetically modified with a gene called anti-MART-1 transduced cells (F5) to target and destroy their tumor. Some of the cells are given as an infusion and others are given as a vaccine. * The anti-MART-1 F5 cells are currently being studied in other patients in combination with chemotherapy and IL-2 (aldesleukin) therapy. Objectives: -To determine if the anti-MART-1 F5 treatment can improve the immune system's ability to shrink tumors and to prevent melanoma from recurring. Eligibility: * Patients 18 years of age and older whose melanoma has been removed and are currently disease-free, but who are at risk for recurrence. * Patients who do not have ocular or mucosal melanoma. * Patients with tissue type human leukocyte antigens (HLA-A)\*0201). Design: * Workup: Patients have scans, x-rays, laboratory tests, other tests as needed and leukapheresis, a procedure for collecting white cells to modify in the laboratory and later reinfuse into the patient. * Patients are assigned to one of four study groups:   * Group 1 receives anti-MART-1 F5 cells by 30-minute infusion through a vein on day 0.   * Group 2 receives anti-MART-1 F5 cells on day 0 followed by injections of MART-1 vaccine, which contains MART-1 and an oil-based liquid called Montanide ISA-51 VG. The vaccine is repeated on day 30.   * Group 3 receives anti-MART-1 F5 cells on day 0 followed by injections of low-dose IL-2 for 5 days (days 0-4).   * Group 4 receives anti-MART-1 F5 cells on day 0 followed by MART-1 vaccine and low-dose IL-2 for 5 days. The vaccine is repeated on day 30. * Recovery: Patients are monitored closely and given medicines to prevent or treat any side effects of therapy. * Leukapheresis: Patients undergo leukapheresis at 1 and 3 months after therapy to collect cells to examine the effects of the treatment on the immune system. * Follow-up: Patients return to National Institutes of Health (NIH) 35 days after completing treatment and then at 3 months and every 6 months thereafter for evaluation with a physical examination, review of side effects, laboratory tests and scans. They have blood tests at 3, 6 and 12 months after treatment and then once a year after that. A biopsy may be requested after treatment ends to examine the effects of treatment on the immune system. All patients return to NIH for a physical examination once a year for 5 years and then complete a follow-up questionnaire for another 10 years. Interventions: BIOLOGICAL: ALVAC-MART-1 vaccine | BIOLOGICAL: MART-1:26-35(27L) peptide vaccine | BIOLOGICAL: Aldesleukin | BIOLOGICAL: autologous anti-MART-1 F5 T-cell receptor gene-engineered peripheral blood lymphocytes | BIOLOGICAL: incomplete Freund's adjuvant.
NCT04493489	Study Title: Propranolol Adjuvant Treatment of Bladder Cancer. Brief Summary: Bladder cancer (bladder cancer) is the tenth most common cancer in the world, ranking 13th in the number of deaths. There are about 549000 new cases of bladder cancer worldwide, with 200000 deaths and a higher incidence rate in men than in women. In 2013, the incidence rate of bladder cancer was high in China, accounting for 2.02% of all new cases. Bladder cancer has become a major disease threatening people's life and health. Therefore, the exploration of the mechanism of the occurrence and development of bladder cancer and effective drugs has been an important focus of bladder cancer research. The current treatment of bladder cancer is mainly TURBT (transurethral resection of bladder tumour) resection and BCG, chemotherapy adjuvant treatment, but its recurrence and metastasis still exist, so this study aims to explore an effective drug treatment. The purpose of this study was to investigate the safety and efficacy of propranolol in adjuvant BCG therapy, and whether propranolol can effectively alleviate the metastasis and recurrence of bladder cancer and improve the survival time after bladder cancer surgery. Interventions: DRUG: Propranolol Hydrochloride | DRUG: BCG.
NCT00365872	Study Title: External Beam Radiation With Intratumoral Injection of Dendritic Cells As Neo-Adjuvant Treatment for Sarcoma. Brief Summary: This is a Phase II study using a combination of external beam radiation with intratumoral injection of dendritic cells (white blood cells) as neo-adjuvant treatment for patients with high-risk soft tissue sarcoma. The purpose was to determine if an injection of the patient's own immune related white blood cells into their tumor would strengthen the immune system to fight against their cancer. Interventions: BIOLOGICAL: Dendritic Cell (DC) Injections | PROCEDURE: Radiation therapy | PROCEDURE: Complete Resection - Surgery for tumor removal.
NCT05350501	Study Title: EO2040 in Combination With Nivolumab, for Treatment of Patients With Minimal Residual Disease of Colorectal Cancer. Brief Summary: The current study will evaluate the microbiome-derived therapeutic vaccine EO2040 in combination with nivolumab in patients with circulating tumor DNA-defined Minimal Residual Disease (MRD) of colorectal cancer stage II, III, or IV after completion of standard curative therapy. Interventions: DRUG: EO2040.
NCT00199901	Study Title: Study of NY-ESO-1 ISCOMATRIX in Patients With High-risk, Resected Melanoma. Brief Summary: The purpose of this trial is to assess whether treatment with NY-ESO-1 ISCOMATRIX vaccine improves outcomes for people with Malignant Melanoma which has been removed, but is at high risk of relapse. Interventions: BIOLOGICAL: NY-ESO-1 ISCOMATRIX | BIOLOGICAL: ISCOMATRIX adjuvant.
NCT01290692	Study Title: Study To Test the Safety and Efficacy of TVI-Brain-1 As A Treatment for Recurrent Grade IV Glioma. Brief Summary: TVI-Brain-1 is an experimental treatment that takes advantage of the fact that your body can produce immune cells, called 'killer' white blood cells that have the ability to kill large numbers of the cancer cells that are present in your body. TVI-Brain-1 is designed to generate large numbers of those 'killer' white blood cells and to deliver those cells into your body so that they can kill your cancer cells. Interventions: BIOLOGICAL: TVI-Brain-1.
NCT01924169	Study Title: Lenalidomide as Immune Adjuvant in Patient's With Chronic Lymphocytic Leukemia (CLL). Brief Summary: The goal of this clinical research study is to learn if lenalidomide can increase the level of immunoglobulins (parts of the blood that may help to improve the immune system's function) and/or will improve the protective effect of the flu and pneumonia vaccines in patients with CLL. Interventions: DRUG: Lenalidomide | BIOLOGICAL: Influenza Vaccine | BIOLOGICAL: Pneumovax Vaccine.
NCT02548169	Study Title: Dendritic Cell Vaccine and Chemotherapy for Patients With Pancreatic Cancer. Brief Summary: The primary objective is to confirm clinical safety and feasibility of combining the antigen-loaded Dendritic Cell (DC) vaccine with chemotherapy including folinic acid, oxaliplatin, irinotecan and 5-Fluorouracil (5FU) (FOLFIRINOX) and nab-paclitaxel/gemcitabine in patients with pancreatic cancer. The secondary objectives of this trial are to determine preliminary clinical efficacy based on response rates, overall survival and progression free survival compared with historic control, and surgical conversion rate as defined as percent of locally advanced (unresectable) patients achieving resectability within 6 months of treatment initiation. Also, to identify vaccine immunogenicity by measuring acquired, T cell-mediated immune activating events post-vaccination and to correlate clinical response with acquired immune responses. Interventions: BIOLOGICAL: DC Vaccine + Standard of Care Chemotherapy.
