NCT Number	Study Summary
NCT00001703	Study Title: Vaccine Therapy With Tumor Specific Mutated VHL Peptides in Adult Cancer Patients With Renal Cell Carcinoma. Brief Summary: About 27,000 new cases of renal cell carcinoma (RCC) are diagnosed every year in the United States. 11,000 of these cases will die from the disease. More than half of patients present with advanced or metastatic disease for which chemotherapy plays a very limited role. Therefore, development of another therapeutic approach is needed. Cancers in humans are commonly associated with mutations in dominant and recessive oncogenes. These genes produce mutated proteins that are unique to cancer cells. Von Hipple-Lindau (VHL) gene which is associated with the development of the VHL disease, has been recently mapped and cloned, and it is found to be mutated in 57% of sporadic renal cell carcinomas. Data in mice have shown the generation of major histocompatibility complex (MHC) restricted cytotoxic T lymphocyte (CTL) that are capable of detecting endogenous cytoplasmic peptide derived from mutated oncogenes. In addition, we have recently demonstrated, by conducting different phase I clinical trials in which we vaccinate cancer patients with mutated Ras or p53 peptides corresponding to the abnormality patients harbor in their tumors, that in some patients we can generate immunological responses represented by the generation of lymphocytes (CD4+ and/or CD8+). In the current study, we would like to extend our observations to test whether VHL tumor suppressor protein can be immunologically targeted by vaccination. We have identified specific epitopes along the amino acid sequence of the VHL protein, which represent known specific human leukocyte antigen (HLA) class-I binding motifs. These amino acids stretches in the VHL protein correspond to the area of the point mutation hot spots. Therefore, we propose to treat patients with sporadic RCC who carry VHL mutations in their tumors with corresponding mutant VHL peptide vaccination. This vaccination will be done either by using pulsed-autologous peripheral mononuclear cells with the peptides, or peptides administered subcutaneously alone or in combination with cytokines. Interventions: BIOLOGICAL: incomplete Freund's adjuvant | BIOLOGICAL: von Hippel-Lindau peptide vaccine.
NCT00091338	Study Title: Interleukin-7 and Vaccine Therapy in Treating Patients With Metastatic Melanoma. Brief Summary: RATIONALE: Interleukin-7 may stimulate a person's white blood cells to kill tumor cells. Vaccines made from peptides may make the body build an immune response to kill tumor cells. Combining interleukin-7 with vaccine therapy may kill more tumor cells. PURPOSE: This phase I trial is studying the side effects and best dose of interleukin-7 when given with vaccine therapy in treating patients with metastatic melanoma. Interventions: BIOLOGICAL: MART-1 antigen | BIOLOGICAL: gp100 antigen | BIOLOGICAL: incomplete Freund's adjuvant | BIOLOGICAL: recombinant interleukin-7.
NCT00398138	Study Title: Vaccine Therapy and GM-CSF in Treating Patients With Acute Myeloid Leukemia, Myelodysplastic Syndromes, Non-Small Cell Lung Cancer, or Mesothelioma. Brief Summary: RATIONALE: Vaccines made from peptides may help the body build an effective immune response to kill cancer cells. Biological therapies, such as GM-CSF, may stimulate the immune system in different ways and stop cancer cells from growing. Giving vaccine therapy together with GM-CSF may kill more cancer cells. PURPOSE: This phase I trial is studying the side effects of vaccine therapy and GM-CSF in treating patients with acute myeloid leukemia, myelodysplastic syndromes, non-small cell lung cancer, or mesothelioma. Interventions: BIOLOGICAL: WT-1 analog peptide vaccine | BIOLOGICAL: incomplete Freund's adjuvant | BIOLOGICAL: sargramostim | GENETIC: polymerase chain reaction | OTHER: flow cytometry | OTHER: immunoenzyme technique.
NCT05254184	"Study Title: KRAS-Targeted Vaccine With Nivolumab and Ipilimumab for Patients With NSCLC. Brief Summary: This is a single institution, Phase 1 study for patients with Stage III/IV unresectable Kirsten rat sarcoma (KRAS) mutated NSCLC to evaluate safety of the pooled mutant-KRAS peptide vaccine (KRAS peptide vaccine) with polyinosinic-polycytidylic acid (poly-ICLC) adjuvant in combination with nivolumab and ipilimumab in the first line treatment setting. The primary objectives of this study are to determine the safety and feasibility of administering the KRAS peptide vaccine with poly-ICLC adjuvant in combination with nivolumab and ipilimumab. The secondary objectives are to estimate the progression free survival (PFS) of pooled mutant-KRAS long peptide vaccine with poly-ICLC adjuvant in combination with Ipilimumab + Nivolumab for the first line treatment of patients with unresectable Stage III/IV NSCLC whose tumors harbor selected KRAS mutations (KRAS glycine-to-cysteine substitution at codon 12 (G12C), KRAS glycine-to-valine substitution at codon 12 (G12V), KRAS glycine-to-Detoxglyphosate substitution at codon 12 (G12D), KRAS glycine-to-arginine substitution at codon 12 (G12A), KRAS glycine-to-Aspartic Acid ""D"" at codon 13 (G13D) or KRAS G12R) and to assess the impact of predicted KRAS mutations on mutant-KRAS specific T cell responses in the peripheral blood of these patients. Exploratory objectives will assess the impact of predicted KRAS mutations on mutant-KRAS specific T cell responses in the peripheral blood, as well as changes in circulating tumor deoxyribonucleic acid (ctDNA). Approximately 15 subjects will be enrolled to have 12 evaluable subjects for T cell response assessment. Safety analysis will include all enrolled patients who receive at least one dose of vaccine. The evaluable population for T cell response will consist of all patients who receive at least one dose of vaccine and have baseline and post-treatment T cell measures in the peripheral blood at 12 weeks. Interventions: DRUG: Pooled Mutant KRAS-Targeted Long Peptide Vaccine 0.3mg each; 1.8mg total peptides."
NCT04704908	Study Title: Immuno-persistence Study of a Recombinant Human Papillomavirus 16/18 Bivalent Vaccine in Preadolescent Girls (54m). Brief Summary: The primary objective of this study is to evaluate the immuno-persistence (type specific IgG antibody) of the tested vaccine administered in girls aged 9-17 years,comparing to young healthy adults of 18-26 years who received the standard 3-dose schedule (0,1,6 months). Interventions: DRUG: Recombinant Human Papillomavirus Bivalent (Types 16, 18) Vaccine (Escherichia coli).
NCT00324623	Study Title: Cyclophosphamide and Fludarabine Followed by Cellular Adoptive Immunotherapy and Vaccine Therapy in Patients With Metastatic Melanoma. Brief Summary: RATIONALE: Drugs used in chemotherapy, such as cyclophosphamide and fludarabine, may be used to prepare the body for other treatments, such as cellular adoptive immunotherapy. Biological therapies, such as cellular adoptive immunotherapy, may stimulate the immune system in different ways and stop tumor cells from growing. Vaccines may help the body build an effective immune response to kill tumor cells. Giving cyclophosphamide together with fludarabine followed by biological therapy may be an effective treatment for metastatic melanoma. PURPOSE: This phase I trial is studying the side effects of giving cyclophosphamide together with fludarabine followed by cellular adoptive immunotherapy, and vaccine therapy in treating patients with metastatic melanoma. Interventions: BIOLOGICAL: Melan-A VLP vaccine, IMP321 adjuvant | BIOLOGICAL: adoptive immunotherapy | BIOLOGICAL: therapeutic autologous lymphocytes | DRUG: cyclophosphamide | DRUG: fludarabine phosphate.
NCT00470379	Study Title: Vaccine Therapy and Resiquimod in Treating Patients With Stage II, Stage III, or Stage IV Melanoma That Has Been Completely Removed by Surgery. Brief Summary: RATIONALE: Vaccines made from peptides may help the body build an effective immune response to kill tumor cells. Giving vaccine therapy together with resiquimod may make a stronger immune response and prevent or delay the recurrence of cancer. PURPOSE: This clinical trial is studying the side effects, best dose, and best way to give vaccine therapy together with resiquimod in treating patients with stage II, stage III, or stage IV melanoma that has been completely removed by surgery. Interventions: DRUG: resiquimod.
NCT01204684	"Study Title: Dendritic Cell Vaccine for Patients With Brain Tumors. Brief Summary: The main purpose of this study is to evaluate the most effective immunotherapy vaccine components in patients with malignant glioma. Teh investigators previous phase I study (IRB #03-04-053) already confirmed that this vaccine procedure is safe in patients with malignant brain tumors, and with an indication of extended survival in several patients. However, the previous trial design did not allow us to test which formulation of the vaccine was the most effective. This phase II study will attempt to dissect out which components are most effective together. Dendritic cells (DC) (cells which ""present"" or ""show"" cell identifiers to the immune system) isolated from the subject's own blood will be treated with tumor-cell lysate isolated from tumor tissue taken from the same subject during surgery. This pulsing (combining) of antigen-presenting and tumor lysate will be done to try to stimulate the immune system to recognize and destroy the patient's intracranial brain tumor. These pulsed DCs will then be injected back into the patient intradermally as a vaccine. The investigators will also utilize adjuvant imiquimod or poly ICLC (interstitial Cajal-like cell) in some treatment cohorts. It is thought that the host immune system might be taught to ""recognize"" the malignant brain tumor cells as ""foreign"" to the body by effectively presenting unique tumor antigens to the host immune cells (T-cells) in vivo. Interventions: BIOLOGICAL: autologous tumor lysate-pulsed DC vaccination | BIOLOGICAL: Tumor lysate-pulsed DC vaccination+0.2% resiquimod | BIOLOGICAL: Tumor-lysate pulsed DC vaccination +adjuvant polyICLC."
NCT04864379	Study Title: Clinical Study of a Personalized Neoantigen Cancer Vaccine Combined With Anti-PD-1 and RFA in Patients With Solid Tumors. Brief Summary: This research study is evaluating a new type of personalized neoantigen cancer vaccine（iNeo-Vac-P01）combined with anti-PD-1 antibody and radiofrequency ablation as a possible treatment for patients with advanced solid tumors. The primary objective of this trial is to evaluate safety, tolerability and immunogenicity of iNeo-Vac-P01 in combination with anti-PD-1 and radiofrequency ablation, so as to provide a new personalized therapeutic strategy for patients. It is known that cancer patients have mutations (changes in genetic material) that are specific to an individual patient and tumor. These mutations can cause the tumor cells to produce proteins that appear very different from the body's own cells. It is possible that these proteins used in a vaccine may induce strong immune responses, which may help the participant's body fight any tumor cells that could cause the cancer to come back in the future. The study will examine the safety of the vaccine when given at several different time points and will examine the participant's blood cells for signs that the vaccine induced an immune response. Interventions: BIOLOGICAL: iNeo-Vac-P01 | OTHER: GM-CSF | DRUG: PD-1 | PROCEDURE: RFA.
NCT02721043	Study Title: Safety and Immunogenicity of Personalized Genomic Vaccine to Treat Malignancies. Brief Summary: The purpose of this study is to test the safety, tolerability, and immunogenicity of Personalized Genomic Vaccine 001 (PGV001) in subjects with advanced non-hematologic malignancies. PGV001 is a peptide vaccine that is based on a patient's own tumor sequence. Each patient's tumor is sequenced and peptides that correspond to the tumors are made. These peptides combined with the adjuvant Poly-ICLC (Hiltonol, Oncovir) make PGV001. The adjuvant Poly-ICLC is added to boost the immune response to the peptides and together will expand immune cells to target cancer. Interventions: BIOLOGICAL: Peptides | DRUG: Poly-ICLC | DRUG: Lenalidomide.
