NCT Number	Study Summary
NCT02919644	Study Title: Vaccination With Autologous Dendritic Cells Loaded With Autologous Tumour Homogenate After Curative Resection for Stage IV Colorectal Cancer. Brief Summary: Single-arm, monocentric trial to assess safety and immunological efficacy of adjuvant vaccination with autologous dendritic cells loaded with autologous tumour homogenate after curative resection for stage IV colorectal cancer. Interventions: BIOLOGICAL: autologous dendritic cells loaded with autologous tumour homogenate | DRUG: IL2.
NCT01248273	"Study Title: Unimolecular Pentavalent (Globo-H-GM2-sTn-TF-Tn) Immunization of Patients With Epithelial Ovarian, Fallopian Tube, or Peritoneal Cancer in First Remission. Brief Summary: The purpose of this study is to 1) test the safety of the vaccine to find out what effects, good and/or bad, it has, and 2) to find out if the vaccine stimulates the immune system. The vaccine in this study will contain several parts. The first part is called an antigen. These antigens or ""fingerprints"" are found on many cancer cells, especially from the ovaries, fallopian tubes, or peritoneal cavity (inside lining of the abdomen) The purpose of this study is to see if investigators can help the immune system to recognize that cancer cells are not normal and should be removed. Interventions: BIOLOGICAL: Globo-H-GM2-sTn-TF-Tn-KLH conjugate, plus the immunological adjuvant QS-21."
NCT02451982	Study Title: Platform Study of Neoadjuvant and Adjuvant Immunotherapy for Patients With Resectable Adenocarcinoma of the Pancreas. Brief Summary: This platform trial will evaluate various immunotherapy combinations given in the neo-adjuvant and adjuvant setting in patients with surgically resectable pancreatic ductal adenocarcinoma. Interventions: DRUG: Cyclophosphamide | BIOLOGICAL: GVAX pancreatic cancer | DRUG: Nivolumab | DRUG: Urelumab | DRUG: BMS-986253.
NCT00091273	Study Title: Vaccine Therapy in Treating Patients With Ovarian Epithelial or Primary Peritoneal Cancer. Brief Summary: RATIONALE: Vaccines made from peptides may make the body build an immune response to kill tumor cells. PURPOSE: This phase I trial is studying the side effects of vaccine therapy in treating patients with ovarian epithelial or primary peritoneal cancer. Interventions: BIOLOGICAL: incomplete Freund's adjuvant | BIOLOGICAL: ovarian cancer peptide vaccine | BIOLOGICAL: sargramostim | BIOLOGICAL: tetanus toxoid helper peptide | PROCEDURE: adjuvant therapy.
NCT01245673	"Study Title: Combination Immunotherapy and Autologous Stem Cell Transplantation for Myeloma. Brief Summary: One purpose of this study is to find out if a new combination of immune system treatments (MAGE-A3 vaccine plus activated T-cells) will allow the body to build up protection (""immunity"") against the myeloma cells. A second purpose is to find out how well this combination of immune system treatments is able to control the myeloma. Interventions: BIOLOGICAL: Prevnar- Pneumococcal Conjugate Vaccine (PCV) | OTHER: Activated/costimulated autologous T-cell | DRUG: Revlamid (Lenalidomide) | BIOLOGICAL: MAGE-A3/GM-GSF, Hiltonol (Poly-ICLC)."
NCT03767582	Study Title: Trial of Neoadjuvant and Adjuvant Nivolumab and BMS-813160 With or Without GVAX for Locally Advanced Pancreatic Ductal Adenocarcinomas. Brief Summary: The purpose of this study is to evaluate if the combination of nivolumab and a CCR2/CCR5 dual antagonist (BMS-813160) with GVAX is safe in patients with locally advanced pancreatic cancer (LAPC) who have received chemotherapy and radiotherapy, and to see if this combination therapy enhances the infiltration of CD8+CD137+ cells in PDACs . Interventions: RADIATION: Stereotactic Body Radiation (SBRT) | DRUG: Nivolumab | DRUG: CCR2/CCR5 dual antagonist | DRUG: GVAX.
NCT04266730	Study Title: Trial of a Personalized and Adaptive Neoantigen Dose-Adjusted Vaccine Concurrently With Pembrolizumab. Brief Summary: This is a single center, open-label phase I clinical trial designed to determine the safety of personalized and adjusted neoantigen peptide vaccine (PANDA-VAC) administered concurrently with pembrolizumab in subjects with advanced squamous non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) or squamous cell carcinoma of head and neck (SCCHN). Interventions: BIOLOGICAL: PANDA-VAC | DRUG: Pembrolizumab.
NCT00436930	Study Title: Vaccine Therapy and GM-CSF in Treating Patients With Recurrent or Metastatic Melanoma. Brief Summary: RATIONALE: Vaccines made from a person's tumor cells and white blood cells may help the body build an effective immune response to kill tumor cells. Colony-stimulating factors, such as GM-CSF, increase the number of white blood cells and platelets found in bone marrow or peripheral blood. Giving vaccine therapy together with GM-CSF may be an effective treatment for melanoma. PURPOSE: This randomized phase II trial is studying two different vaccine therapy regimens to compare how well they work when given together with GM-CSF in treating patients with recurrent or metastatic melanoma. Interventions: BIOLOGICAL: autologous tumor cell vaccine | BIOLOGICAL: sargramostim | BIOLOGICAL: therapeutic autologous dendritic cells.
NCT03597282	Study Title: A Personal Cancer Vaccine (NEO-PV-01) and APX005M or Ipilimumab With Nivolumab in Patients With Advanced Melanoma. Brief Summary: The primary purpose of this study is to demonstrate that the NEO-PV-01 vaccine, either with APX005M or ipilimumab, and nivolumab is safe for the treatment of patients with advanced or metastatic melanoma. The study will also investigate an alternative schedule for the administration of the NEO-PV-01 vaccine. Study interventions will be assessed by both clinical and immune responses to treatment. Interventions: BIOLOGICAL: NEO-PV-01 | BIOLOGICAL: Nivolumab | OTHER: Adjuvant | BIOLOGICAL: APX005M | BIOLOGICAL: ipilimumab.
NCT01141491	Study Title: Trivalent Ganglioside Vaccine With Immunological Adjuvant or Immunological Adjuvant Alone in Metastatic Sarcoma Patients Who Are Rendered Disease Free. Brief Summary: Sarcoma patients are at high risk for their cancer to recur even when the sarcoma has been removed surgically or treated with radiation or chemotherapy. The patients in the study will be randomized (like flipping a coin) to receive either a vaccine that is combined with an immune system stimulant or the immune system stimulant alone. The immune system stimulant is called OPT-821 and is an immunological booster. The trivalent vaccine is being developed to teach the patient's immune system to recognize 3 types of sugars called GM2, GD2 and GD3 that are found primarily on the surface of sarcoma cells. If the trivalent vaccine can stimulate the patient's immune system to develop antibodies which recognize and target the GM2, GD2 and GM3 sugars, then the patient's antibodies could attack and kill any remaining sarcoma cells potentially preventing the recurrence of sarcoma. Interventions: BIOLOGICAL: Trivalent ganglioside vaccine | BIOLOGICAL: OPT-821.
