NCT Number	Study Summary
NCT06406816	Study Title: Neoantigen Vaccine Plus Capecitabine as Adjuvant Therapy for Intrahepatic Cholangiocarcinoma After Radical Resection. Brief Summary: This study is a single-arm, open-label, exploratory clinical trial, with the primary objective to evaluate the efficacy and safety of the Neoantigen Vaccine plus capecitabine for the treatment of high-intermediate risk recurrent intrahepatic cholangiocarcinoma. Interventions: COMBINATION_PRODUCT: Neoantigen Vaccine plus Capecitabine.
NCT01846143	Study Title: Evaluation of a Multi-phosphopeptide Vaccine Plus PolyICLC in Participants With High Risk and Advanced Malignancies. Brief Summary: The purpose of this study is to learn what effects (good and bad) experimental phosphopeptide vaccines plus a tetanus peptide and other substances called polyICLC and Montanide ISA-51 have on people with melanoma. The investigators will also look at whether the experimental reagents cause any changes in the immune system. Interventions: BIOLOGICAL: pBCAR3-phosphopeptide | BIOLOGICAL: pIRS2-phosphopeptide | BIOLOGICAL: 2-MpP (pBCAR3-phosphopeptide + pIRS2-phosphopeptide).
NCT00003638	Study Title: Vaccine Therapy in Treating Women With Metastatic Breast Cancer. Brief Summary: RATIONALE: Drugs used in chemotherapy use different ways to stop tumor cells from dividing so they stop growing or die. Vaccines may make the body build an immune response to kill tumor cells. It is not yet known whether THERATOPE vaccine therapy is more effective than standard vaccine therapy in treating metastatic breast cancer. PURPOSE: Randomized double blinded phase III trial to compare the effectiveness of THERATOPE vaccine therapy with that of standard vaccine therapy in treating women who have metastatic breast cancer. Interventions: BIOLOGICAL: Detox-B adjuvant | BIOLOGICAL: THERATOPE STn-KLH vaccine | BIOLOGICAL: keyhole limpet hemocyanin | DRUG: cyclophosphamide.
NCT06218303	Study Title: Prototype DAA/TAA Vaccine Targeting MUC1 for Immune Interception and Prevention in Ductal Carcinoma In Situ. Brief Summary: Post-menopausal women with biopsy-proven DCIS will be enrolled into two cohorts. One cohort will receive neoadjuvant therapy with an aromatase inhibitor alone for about 12 weeks prior to surgery at 12 weeks. The second cohort will receive neoadjuvant therapy with an aromatase inhibitor and MUC1 vaccination (MUC1 peptide + Hiltonol) pre-operatively at baseline, and weeks 2 and 10, followed by surgery at about 12 weeks. Patients in the vaccine cohort will be offered an optional boost vaccine 6 months after surgery. Interventions: BIOLOGICAL: MUC1 Peptide Vaccine | DRUG: Hiltonol | DRUG: Aromatase Inhibitor.
NCT04455503	Study Title: Study of Adjuvant Immunotherapy With EVX-02 and Anti-PD-1. Brief Summary: This is a Phase 1/2, open label, multi-centre study to assess the safety, tolerability, PD, and efficacy of adjuvant immunotherapy EVX-02 vaccine and anti-PD-1 (Nivolumab) in patients who have had a complete resection of a Stage IIIB/IIIC/IIID or Stage IV melanoma who are at high risk of recurrence. Interventions: DRUG: EVX-02A | DRUG: EVX-02B | DRUG: EVX-02A OR EVX-02B.
NCT00923910	Study Title: Wilm's Tumor 1 Protein Vaccine to Treat Cancers of the Blood. Brief Summary: Background: * Most patients with acute lymphoblastic leukemia (ALL) and many patients with acute myelogenous leukemia (AML), chronic myelogenous leukemia (CML) and non-Hodgkin's lymphoma (NHL) have a protein called Wilm's Tumor 1 (WT1) in their cancer cells. This protein is thought to be able to influence the growth of these cancers. * A vaccine made with the WT1 protein may boost the immune system to help fight these cancers in patients whose cancer cells contain the protein. Objectives: * To determine the safety, effectiveness and side effects of giving the WT1 vaccine and donor white blood cells to patients with AML, ALL, CML or NHL who have previously received standard treatment and undergone stem cell transplantation. * To determine the immune response to the WT1 vaccine and donor white blood cells in these patients and to determine if the response is related to the amount of WT1 protein in the patient's cancer cells. Eligibility: * Patients between 1 and 75 years of age with the blood antigen human leukocyte antigen (HLA-A2) and the WT1 cancer protein who have persistent or recurrent blood cancers after stem cell transplantation. * The prior stem cell transplant donor must be willing to provide additional cells, which will be used to prepare the cellular vaccines and for donor lymphocyte (white blood cell) infusions. Design: * Patients are given the WT1 vaccine every 2 weeks for 6 weeks (weeks 0, 2, 4, 6, 8, 10). Each vaccination consists of two injections in the upper arm or thigh. * On weeks 0, 4 and 8, patients also receive white blood cells from a donor to enhance the immune response. The cells are also given as a 15- to 30-minute infusion through a vein about 1 hour after the vaccine injection. Donor infusions are given only to patients with mild or no graft-vs-host disease resulting from their prior stem cell transplantation. * Periodic physical examinations, blood and urine tests, scans to evaluate disease and other tests as needed are done for 12 months after enrollment in the study. Interventions: DRUG: WT1 Peptide-Pulsed Dendritic Cells | DRUG: Donor Lymphocytes | DRUG: IL-4 | DRUG: KLH | DRUG: WT1 Peptides | DRUG: Endotoxin | DRUG: Diphenhydramine | DRUG: Acetaminophen.
NCT06252584	Study Title: Multi-peptide Vaccination Adjuvanted With XS15 in Acute Myeloid Leukemia Patients. Brief Summary: The aim of this Phase I study is to evaluate the immunogenicity along with safety and toxicity as well as first efficacy of a multi-peptide vaccine adjuvanted with the TLR1/2 ligand XS15 emulsified in Montanide ISA 51 VG (AML-VAC-XS15) in AML patients who have achieved CR or CRi with first line treatment. Interventions: DRUG: Vaccines, Peptide.
NCT04277221	Study Title: ADCTA for Adjuvant Immunotherapy in Standard Treatment of Recurrent Glioblastoma Multiforme (GBM). Brief Summary: To confirm the result of previous Phase I/II and phase II clinical trials, this trial is to test the efficacy and safety of ADCTA immunotherapy plus the standard therapy in comparison with standard therapy alone in patients with recurrent GBM. Interventions: BIOLOGICAL: Autologous Dendritic Cell/Tumor Antigen, ADCTA.
NCT04590521	Study Title: HPV Vaccine Immunity in High-risk Women. Brief Summary: This is a single arm immunological study based in Vietnam. The study will examine human papillomavirus (HPV) vaccine responses in high-risk women (female-sex-worker; FSW). We aim to recruit 60 women (aged 18-25 years old) and provide them with a standard 3-dose schedule of licensed 4vHPV vaccine (Gardasil, Merck). Blood and cervical swab samples will be collected for immunology and virology testing, respectively. Interventions: BIOLOGICAL: Gardasil, Merck.
NCT01885702	Study Title: Dendritic Cell Vaccination in Patients With Lynch Syndrome or Colorectal Cancer With MSI. Brief Summary: Objectives: In this Radboud University Nijmegen Medical Centre (RUNMC) initiated study our first objective is to investigate toxicity (safety and feasibility) of vaccination with frameshift-derived neoantigen-loaded DC of CRC patients with an MSI-positive CRC and persons who are known to be carrier of a germline MMR-gene mutation with no signs of disease yet. The secondary objectives of the study are: * to demonstrate that peptide-loaded DC can induce or enhance an immune response to tumor-associated antigen CEA and specific frameshift-derived neoantigens in the study population. * to study the pathological and clinical responses, e.g. disease-free survival, determined according to the standard protocol. Study design: This study is a phase I/II open-label study. Study population: Two groups of adults will be vaccinated: Group I) CRC patients, who are known to carry a germline MMR-gene mutation and patients with an MSI-positive CRC and yet unknown or negative MMR-gene mutation status. Group II) persons who are known to be carrier of a germline MMR-gene mutation with no signs of disease yet. All participants need to be HLA-A2.1 positive. Interventions: BIOLOGICAL: DC vaccination.
