NCT Number	Study Summary
NCT03047928	Study Title: Combination Therapy With Nivolumab and PD-L1/IDO Peptide Vaccine to Patients With Metastatic Melanoma. Brief Summary: Combination therapy is becoming more and more general in the treatment of oncological diseases. In this clinical trial combination the standard immunotherapeutic treatment; the programmed death 1 (PD-1) regulatory antibody Nivolumab and a peptide vaccine consisting of programmed death ligand 1 (PD-L1) and Indoleamine 2,3-dioxygenase (IDO) peptides will be tested in patients with metastatic melanoma. Patients will be treated with Nivolumab every second week as long as there is clinical benefit. The PD-L1/IDO peptide vaccine is given from start of Nivolumab and every second week for the first 6 vaccines and thereafter every fourth week up to 1 year. Interventions: DRUG: Nivolumab | BIOLOGICAL: PD-L1/IDO peptide vaccine.
NCT00090493	Study Title: Study of MAGE-A3 and NY-ESO-1 Immunotherapy in Combo With DTPACE Chemo and Auto Transplantation in Multiple Myeloma. Brief Summary: The hope is that the peptide vaccines will stimulate the immune system to attack and kill the myeloma cells. The purpose is to generate anti-myeloma T-cells which will kill myeloma cells and nothing else. Interventions: BIOLOGICAL: MAGE-A3 | BIOLOGICAL: MAGE-A3 AND NY-ESO-1 IMMUNOTHERAPY.
NCT04836793	Study Title: COVID-19-Study of Immune Responses Following Vaccination Against SARS-CoV-2. Brief Summary: T-cell adaptive immunity is known to be required to sustain a long term immunoglobulin production and a long term memory against several infections. Previous results suggest a lack in the generation of T-cell responses against CoV-N, M and S proteins among cancer patients exposed to SARS-CoV-2 virus highlighting that cancer patients failed to mount a protective T-cell immunity. Given this context, our hypothesis is that COVID-19 vaccine candidates are not immunogenic in some cancer patients. Thus, the monitoring of CD4 and CD8 T-cell responses before and after vaccination might provide information related to the correlation between induction of CD4 T-cells (including helper follicular T-cells) by the vaccine and long-term IgG production (serological index). Additionally, the failure of COVID-19 vaccines in some patients should be monitor carefully in order to provide specific recommendations to avoid COVID-19 infections. The main objective is to assess humoral immune responses following COVID-19 vaccination in a population of cancer patients. Interventions: OTHER: Additional biological samples.
NCT00471471	Study Title: Vaccine Therapy in Treating Patients With Recurrent Stage III or Stage IV Melanoma That Cannot Be Removed by Surgery. Brief Summary: RATIONALE: Vaccines made from peptides may help the body build an effective immune response to kill tumor cells. Giving vaccine therapy together with GM-CSF, CpG 7909, and incomplete Freund's adjuvant may make a stronger immune response and kill more tumor cells. PURPOSE: This clinical trial is studying the side effects and how well vaccine therapy works in treating patients with recurrent stage III or stage IV melanoma that cannot be removed by surgery. Interventions: BIOLOGICAL: Peptide vaccine | BIOLOGICAL: GM-CSF | BIOLOGICAL: PF3512676.
NCT00089193	Study Title: Vaccine Therapy With or Without Sargramostim in Treating Patients With Stage IIB, Stage IIC, Stage III, or Stage IV Melanoma. Brief Summary: RATIONALE: Vaccines may make the body build an immune response to kill tumor cells. Colony-stimulating factors such as sargramostim may increase the number of immune cells found in bone marrow or peripheral blood. Combining vaccine therapy with sargramostim may cause a stronger immune response and kill more tumor cells. PURPOSE: This randomized phase II trial is studying vaccine therapy and sargramostim to see how well they work compared to vaccine therapy alone in treating patients with stage II B, stage IIC, stage III, or stage IV melanoma. Interventions: BIOLOGICAL: incomplete Freund's adjuvant | BIOLOGICAL: multi-epitope melanoma peptide vaccine | BIOLOGICAL: sargramostim.
NCT01880411	Study Title: Phase I, Open-Label Study of the Safety, Tolerability, and Immunogenicity PEK Fusion Protein Vaccine. Brief Summary: Phase I, Open-Label Study of the Safety, Tolerability, and Immunogenicity of a Three Dose Regimen of Escalating Doses of PEK Fusion Protein Vaccine in Women with LSIL or HSIL. PEK fusion protein vaccine (PEK + GPI-0100) is safe and well tolerated in patients with low-grade squamous intraepithelial lesions (LSIL) or high grade squamous intraepithelial lesions (HSIL) of the cervix and induces a measurable immune response. Interventions: BIOLOGICAL: PEK Fusion Protein Vaccine.
NCT04848493	Study Title: National Project on Vaccines, COVID-19 and Frail Patients. Brief Summary: This is a multicentre observational study with the aim of evaluating the antibody and cellular response after vaccination for SARS-CoV-2 with Pfizer-BioNTech or Moderna vaccines in frail subjects with impaired immuno-competence, due to their underlying diseases or ongoing therapies. Interventions: BIOLOGICAL: COVID-19 vaccines.
NCT00299728	Study Title: NY-ESO-1 Protein With Montanide and CpG 7909 as Cancer Vaccine in Several Tumors. Brief Summary: This is a Phase I, open-label, randomized study of NY-ESO-l protein with immune adjuvants CpG 7909 and Montanide ISA-51 VG in patients with tumors that often express NY-ESO-1. The vaccinations was to be administered subcutaneously every 3 weeks for 4 doses. Patients with any malignancy that is known to frequently express NY-ESO-1 were eligible, regardless of whether antigen expression in the autologous tumor could be demonstrated or not by either PCR or immunohistochemistry. The primary objective of the study was to define safety. Secondarily, the study was to evaluate whether patients developed a specific immunologic response to the NY-ESO-1 protein. Blood samples were to be obtained at baseline, prior to each vaccination, one week after each vaccination, and at the last study visit for the assessment of NY-ESO-1-specific CD4+ and CD8+ T cells. Cytokine secretion by NY-ESO-1-specific CD8+ and CD4+ T cells, as a measure of T cell activation, was to be determined by FACS analysis. In addition, humoral immunity was to be determined by the presence of NY-ESO-1-specific antibodies which were to be assessed in all patients by ELISA. Disease status was to be assessed at baseline and 2-4 weeks after the fourth vaccination in patients with evaluable (measurable and non-measurable) disease. Interventions: BIOLOGICAL: NY-ESO-1 Protein Vaccine.
NCT02320305	Study Title: MART-1 Antigen With or Without TLR4 Agonist GLA-SE in Treating Patients With Stage II-IV Melanoma That Has Been Removed by Surgery. Brief Summary: This randomized pilot clinical trial studies melanoma antigen recognized by T-cells 1 (MART-1) antigen with or without toll-like receptor 4 (TLR4) agonist glucopyranosyl lipid A-stable oil-in-water emulsion (GLA-SE) in treating patients with stage II-IV melanoma that has been removed by surgery. Vaccines made from MART-1a peptide or antigen may help the body build an effective immune response to kill tumor cells. Giving TLR4 agonist GLA-SE with MART-1 antigen may help increase the immune response to MART-1a antigen. Interventions: BIOLOGICAL: MART-1 Antigen | DRUG: TLR4 Agonist GLA-SE | OTHER: Laboratory Biomarker Analysis.
NCT03617328	Study Title: Vaccination With 6MHP, With or Without Systemic CDX-1127, in Patients With Stage II-IV Melanoma. Brief Summary: This study evaluates whether it is safe to administer a peptide vaccine (6MHP) with adjuvants and the CDX-1127 monoclonal antibody, and whether the adjuvants and the CDX-1127 monoclonal antibody boost immune responses to the vaccine. In this study, the adjuvants are Montanide ISA-51 and polyICLC. The investigators will monitor these effects by performing tests in the laboratory on participants' blood and tissue from a vaccine site. Interventions: BIOLOGICAL: 6MHP | DRUG: Montanide ISA-51 | DRUG: polyICLC | DRUG: CDX-1127.
