NCT Number	Study Summary
NCT02944357	Study Title: Gemcitabine Hydrochloride, Cisplatin, and AGS-003-BLD in Treating Patients With Muscle-Invasive Bladder Cancer Undergoing Surgery. Brief Summary: This pilot clinical trial studies how well gemcitabine hydrochloride, cisplatin, and AGS-003-BLD work in treating patients with bladder cancer that has spread to the muscle and who are undergoing surgery. Drugs used in chemotherapy, such as gemcitabine hydrochloride and cisplatin, work in different ways to stop the growth of tumor cells, either by killing the cells, by stopping them from dividing, or by stopping them from spreading. Vaccines made from a person's tumor cells may help the body build an effective immune response to kill tumor cells. Giving gemcitabine hydrochloride, cisplatin, and AGS-003-BLD before surgery may make the tumor smaller and reduce the amount of tissue that needs to be removed by surgery. Interventions: DRUG: Cisplatin | DRUG: Gemcitabine Hydrochloride | PROCEDURE: Radical Cystectomy | BIOLOGICAL: Tumor Cell-Derived Vaccine Therapy.
NCT00079157	Study Title: Vaccine Plus Montanide ISA-51 and Sargramostim in Treating Patients With Stage IV Breast Cancer. Brief Summary: RATIONALE: Vaccines may make the body build an immune response to kill tumor cells. Giving a vaccine with Montanide ISA-51 and sargramostim may cause a stronger immune response and kill more tumor cells. PURPOSE: This phase I trial is studying the side effects and best dose of vaccine therapy when given together with Montanide ISA-51 and sargramostim in treating patients with stage IV breast cancer. Interventions: BIOLOGICAL: incomplete Freund's adjuvant | BIOLOGICAL: sargramostim | BIOLOGICAL: telomerase: 540-548 peptide vaccine.
NCT02151448	Study Title: αDC1 Vaccine + Chemokine Modulatory Regimen (CKM) as Adjuvant Treatment of Peritoneal Surface Malignancies. Brief Summary: This trial is to determine the safest dose of a triple combination (chemokine modulatory regimen or CKM) of celecoxib, interferon alfa (IFN), and rintatolimod that can be given with a DC vaccine as treatment of peritoneal surface malignancies after standard of care surgery. The first phase of this study will determine the safest dose of IFN that can be given in combination with celecoxib and rintatolimod along with a DC vaccine. The doses of celecoxib (400 mg) and rintatolimod (200 mg) will be consistent while the dose of IFN will be increased (5, 10, or 20 MU/m2) as participants are enrolled to the trial. The high dose of IFN in combination with celecoxib and rintatolimod will be used for the next phase of the clinical trial. After surgery, participants will receive 2 cycles of the investigational treatment. The second phase of this study will test if the investigational treatment has any effects on peritoneal surface malignancies. The doses of the combination determined in the first phase will be used in this phase of the clinical trial. After surgery, participants will receive 2 cycles of the investigational treatment, followed by standard chemotherapy as determined by their oncologist, and then 2 more cycles of the investigational treatment. Interventions: BIOLOGICAL: DC vaccine | DRUG: Celecoxib | DRUG: Interferon Alfa-2b | BIOLOGICAL: rintatolimod.
NCT02455557	Study Title: SurVaxM Vaccine Therapy and Temozolomide in Treating Patients With Newly Diagnosed Glioblastoma. Brief Summary: This phase II trial studies the side effects and how well vaccine therapy works when given together with temozolomide in treating patients with newly diagnosed glioblastoma. Vaccines made from the survivin peptide or antigen may help the body build an effective immune response to kill tumor cells that express survivin. Drugs used in chemotherapy, such as temozolomide, work in different ways to stop the growth of tumor cells, either by killing the cells, by stopping them from dividing, or by stopping them from spreading. It is not yet known whether temozolomide is more effective with or without vaccine therapy in treating glioblastoma. Interventions: OTHER: Laboratory Biomarker Analysis | DRUG: Montanide ISA 51 VG | BIOLOGICAL: Sargramostim | BIOLOGICAL: SVN53-67/M57-KLH Peptide Vaccine | DRUG: Temozolomide.
NCT02649582	Study Title: Adjuvant Dendritic Cell-immunotherapy Plus Temozolomide in Glioblastoma Patients. Brief Summary: In this phase I/II trial, the primary objective is to determine overall and progression-free survival of patients with newly diagnosed glioblastoma when autologous Wilms' tumor 1 (WT1) messenger (m)RNA-loaded dendritic cell (DC) vaccination is added to adjuvant temozolomide maintenance treatment following (sub)total resection and temozolomide-based chemoradiation. Interventions: BIOLOGICAL: Dendritic cell vaccine plus temozolomide chemotherapy.
NCT00118274	Study Title: Vaccine Therapy With or Without Cyclophosphamide in Treating Patients Who Have Undergone Surgery for Stage II, Stage III, or Stage IV Melanoma. Brief Summary: RATIONALE: Vaccines made from peptides may help the body build an effective immune response to kill tumor cells. Drugs used in chemotherapy, such as cyclophosphamide, work in different ways to stop the growth of tumor cells, either by killing the cells or by stopping them from dividing. Cyclophosphamide may also stimulate the immune system in different ways and stop tumor cells from growing. Giving vaccine therapy together with cyclophosphamide after surgery may cause a stronger immune response to kill any remaining tumor cells. It may also prevent or delay the recurrence of melanoma. PURPOSE: This randomized phase I/II trial is studying the side effects of vaccine therapy when given with or without cyclophosphamide and to see how well they work in treating patients who have undergone surgery for stage II, stage III, or stage IV melanoma. Interventions: BIOLOGICAL: incomplete Freund's adjuvant | BIOLOGICAL: melanoma helper peptide vaccine | BIOLOGICAL: multi-epitope melanoma peptide vaccine | BIOLOGICAL: tetanus toxoid helper peptide | DRUG: cyclophosphamide.
NCT00003274	Study Title: Vaccine Therapy in Treating Patients With Stage II Melanoma That Can Be Removed by Surgery. Brief Summary: RATIONALE: Vaccines may make the body build an immune response to kill tumor cells. It is not yet known what preparation of vaccine therapy is most effective for treating melanoma. PURPOSE: Randomized phase II trial to study the effectiveness of tyrosinase/gp100 peptide vaccine in treating patients who have stage II melanoma that can be removed by surgery. Interventions: BIOLOGICAL: gp100 antigen | BIOLOGICAL: incomplete Freund's adjuvant | BIOLOGICAL: sargramostim | BIOLOGICAL: tyrosinase peptide.
NCT00597272	Study Title: Determine Toxicity and Antibody Responses With a KLH Conjugated Bivalent Vaccine Containing GD2 Lactone, GD3 Lactone With Immunological Adjuvant QS-DG or OPT-821 in Patients With Disease Free AJCC Stage III or IV Cutaneous Melanoma. Brief Summary: Vaccines contain substances that help us make antibodies. Different antibodies help protect us against a variety of harmful things. GD2 and GD3 gangliosides are substances found on the surface of most melanoma cells. They are also occasionally found on some normal cells. Large quantities of antibodies called monoclonal antibodies have been prepared in the laboratory against GD2 and GD3 and given to patients with metastatic melanoma. In about 10% of cases this has resulted in clinically relevant regression of melanomas. These monoclonal antibodies are not currently available or used in the clinic but studies in the laboratory indicate that vaccines against GD2 and GD3 can be as effective as monoclonal antibodies. In this trial we wish to raise the level of antibodies in your blood against GD2 and GD3. We will vaccinate you with the modified forms of GD2 called GD2 lactone and GD3 called GD3 lactone (GD3L), all attached to the antibody booster KLH, and mixed with the immune booster (immunologic adjuvant) QS-DG. While over a thousand patients have received vaccines with QS-21, the QS-DG used here is synthesized for the first time at MSKCC and is referred to as QS-DG rather than QS-21 which is purified from tree bark. QS-21 and QS-DG are, to the best of our knowledge chemically identical. It is unknown if using this bivalent vaccine will raise the level of antibodies in your blood to either ganglioside. It is unknown if raising the level of antibodies in your blood will lower your risk of relapse. This study will check your blood for production of antibodies, and check you for side effects. Interventions: BIOLOGICAL: KLH conjugates with GD2L and GD3L.
NCT01265901	Study Title: IMA901 in Patients Receiving Sunitinib for Advanced/Metastatic Renal Cell Carcinoma. Brief Summary: The primary objective of the phase III study is to investigate whether IMA901 can prolong overall survival in patients with metastatic and/or locally advanced renal cell carcinoma (RCC) when added to standard first-line therapy with sunitinib. Secondary objectives include a subgroup analysis of overall survival in patients defined by a certain biomarker signature, the investigation of progression-free survival, best tumor response, safety, and immunological parameters. Interventions: DRUG: Sunitinib | BIOLOGICAL: GM-CSF | DRUG: Cyclophosphamide | DRUG: IMA901.
NCT02270372	Study Title: Study of ONT-10 and Varlilumab to Treat Advanced Ovarian or Breast Cancer. Brief Summary: This is a two-part Phase 1b, open-label study of ONT 10 administered in combination with varlilumab. Two different doses of varlilumab will be studied in combination with the single agent recommended dose of ONT 10. Intermediate and/or lower doses of varlilumab or ONT-10 may also be studied at the recommendation of the safety monitoring committee (SMC). Interventions: BIOLOGICAL: ONT-10, Varlilumab combination.
