NCT Number	Study Summary
NCT00373217	Study Title: Vaccine Therapy, Paclitaxel, and Carboplatin in Treating Patients Who Are Undergoing Surgery for Stage III or Stage IV Ovarian Cancer, Primary Peritoneal Cancer, or Fallopian Tube Cancer. Brief Summary: RATIONALE: Vaccines made from peptides may help the body build an effective immune response to kill tumor cells. Drugs used in chemotherapy, such as paclitaxel and carboplatin, work in different ways to stop the growth of tumor cells, either by killing the cells or by stopping them from dividing. Giving chemotherapy before surgery may make the tumor smaller and reduce the amount of normal tissue that needs to be removed. Giving vaccine therapy and chemotherapy after surgery may kill any tumor cells that remain after surgery. PURPOSE: This phase II trial is studying how well giving vaccine therapy together with paclitaxel and carboplatin works in treating patients who are undergoing surgery for stage III or stage IV ovarian cancer, primary peritoneal cancer, or fallopian tube cancer. Interventions: BIOLOGICAL: MAGE-A1, Her-2/neu, FBP peptides ovarian cancer vaccine | BIOLOGICAL: tetanus toxoid helper peptide | DRUG: carboplatin | DRUG: paclitaxel | PROCEDURE: conventional surgery.
NCT00037713	Study Title: Survival in a Randomized Phase III Trial in Patients With Limited Disease (LD) Small Cell Lung Cancer Vaccinated With Adjuvant BEC2 and BCG. Brief Summary: This trial is designed to test the impact of adjuvant BEC2 (2.5 mg)/BCG vaccination on survival in patients with LD Small Cell Lung Cancer (SCLC). Patients will be stratified by institution, KPS (60 - 70% vs 80 - 100%), and response to first line combined modality therapy (CR vs PR) that consisted of at least a 2 drug regimen (4 - 6 cycles) and a chest radiotherapy regimen. Patients will be randomized to one of two treatment arms: standard arm (Observational cohort) or best supportive care, or the treatment arm (5 intradermal vaccinations of BEC2 (2.5 mg) + BCG given on day 1 of weeks 0, 2, 4, 6, and 10. Interventions: BIOLOGICAL: BEC2 Vaccine.
NCT02873819	Study Title: Safety and Efficacy Study of GL-0817 (With Cyclophosphamide) for the Prevention of Recurrence of Squamous Cell Carcinoma of the Oral Cavity. Brief Summary: This is a multi-center, randomized, double-blind clinical trial to assess the safety and efficacy of GL-0817 as a means to prevent disease recurrence in patients considered at high-risk following surgery and adjuvant chemoradiotherapy. Interventions: DRUG: GL-0817 | DRUG: Hiltonol | DRUG: Sargramostim | DRUG: cyclophosphamide | DRUG: Placebo.
NCT01096134	Study Title: Mother - Daughter Initiative (MDI) in Cervical Cancer Prevention. Brief Summary: The Mother-Daughter Initiative (MDI) will test the feasibility and acceptability of a strategy to deliver comprehensive cervical cancer prevention services in Thailand and the Philippines by integrating the HPV vaccine for girls ages 9-13 into already successful screening and treatment programs for mothers. Interventions: BIOLOGICAL: HPV Vaccine (Gardasil).
NCT04270149	Study Title: Cancer Peptides Plus GM-CSF and Adjuvant in Breast Cancer. Brief Summary: This is a phase I study looking at the safety of cancer peptides combined with adjuvant and GM-CSF in subjects with estrogen receptor (ESR) positive breast cancer. The primary objective of the study is to determine the safety of of the peptide vaccine. The secondary objective is to evaluate the immune response to the vaccine. The peptides used in this vaccine are derived from the estrogen receptor and are combined with the adjuvant Montanide ISA and GM-CSF to enhance their immune response. A peptide vaccine of these peptides may improve outcomes of patients with endocrine resistant breast cancer. Interventions: BIOLOGICAL: ESR1 peptide vaccine.
NCT01720836	Study Title: Study of the Immune Response of MUC1 (Mucin1) Peptide Vaccine for Non-small Cell Lung Cancer. Brief Summary: All subjects will receive the vaccine subcutaneously every 3 weeks x 3 with optional yearly booster vaccines up to and including 5 years post last vaccine for those patients who are confirmed responders to the vaccine . The rationale for using Poly-ICLC as an adjuvant are two ongoing trials at University of Pittsburgh Cancer Institute (UPCI) of the MUC1 100mer peptide vaccine - one as a therapeutic vaccine in subjects with metastatic castrate resistant prostate cancer and the other in subjects with advanced colonic adenomas at risk for developing colon cancer. The same formulation, MUC1 100mer peptide admixed with Poly-ICLC, is used in both trials. There has been no toxicity observed and the vaccine is highly immunogenic in early disease. In the proposed NSCLC trial the anti-MUC1 immune response will be thoroughly characterized. Interventions: BIOLOGICAL: Vaccine + PolyICLC.
NCT03559413	Study Title: Patient-individualized Peptide Vaccination Based on Tumor-specific Mutations in Children and Young Adults With Primary/Relapsed ALL. Brief Summary: The aim of this clinical study is to evaluate the feasibility and safety of an individualized peptide vaccination approach in patients with acute lymphoblastic leukemia (ALL). For this purpose, tumor-specific mutations are analyzed by comparative exome sequencing of tumor and healthy reference tissue. Expression of variants is further validated by RNA sequencing. In a second step, HLA-binding (human leukocyte antigen-binding) peptides derived from mutated protein sequences are selected for vaccination. The peptides are administered as a vaccination cocktail with adjuvant GM-CSF and Imiquimod over a course of 9 months and a total of 16 vaccinations. Primary objective is the de novo induction of a specific T cell response without unacceptable toxicity and acute GvHD (graft versus host disease). Interventions: BIOLOGICAL: Individual peptide vaccination with adjuvant GM-CSF and Imiquimod.
NCT01079741	Study Title: Safety Study of Adjuvant Vaccine to Treat Melanoma Patients. Brief Summary: The incidence of melanoma is increasing with an estimated incidence of 59,940 cases and an annual death rate of 8110 in 2007. Although patients diagnosed with early stage disease have an excellent clinical outcome, patients diagnosed with advanced or recurrent disease, continue to have a high mortality rate, even with initial optimal surgical resection. Effective adjuvant strategies are needed to increase the time to progression and to decrease the recurrence rate. Immunotherapy has long been recognized as a potential therapy for melanoma; the goal of adjuvant vaccine therapy is to train the endogenous immune system to recognize and target minimal residual disease. Interventions: BIOLOGICAL: NY-ESO-1 protein; Poly-ICLC; Montanide.
NCT00006470	Study Title: Vaccine Therapy Plus Radiation Therapy in Treating Patients With Non-small Cell Lung Cancer That Has Been Completely Removed in Surgery. Brief Summary: RATIONALE: Vaccines may make the body build an immune response to kill tumor cells. Radiation therapy uses high-energy x-rays to damage tumor cells. Combining these two treatments may kill more tumor cells. PURPOSE: Phase II trial to study the effectiveness of combining vaccine therapy with radiation therapy in treating patients who have stage II or stage IIIA non-small cell lung cancer that has been completely removed in surgery. Interventions: BIOLOGICAL: monoclonal antibody 11D10 anti-idiotype vaccine | BIOLOGICAL: monoclonal antibody 3H1 anti-idiotype vaccine | RADIATION: radiation therapy.
NCT01222221	Study Title: Vaccine Therapy, Temozolomide, and Radiation Therapy in Treating Patients With Newly Diagnosed Glioblastoma Multiforme. Brief Summary: RATIONALE: Vaccines made from peptides may help the body build an effective immune response to kill tumor cells. Drugs used in chemotherapy, such as temozolomide, work in different ways to stop the growth of tumor cells, either by killing the cells or by stopping them from dividing. Radiation therapy uses high-energy x-rays to kill tumor cells. Giving vaccine therapy together with temozolomide and radiation therapy may kill more tumor cells. PURPOSE: This phase I trial is studying the side effects of vaccine therapy when given together with temozolomide and radiation therapy in treating patients with newly diagnosed glioblastoma multiforme. Interventions: BIOLOGICAL: glioblastoma multiforme multipeptide vaccine IMA950 | BIOLOGICAL: sargramostim | DRUG: temozolomide | OTHER: laboratory biomarker analysis | OTHER: pharmacological study | PROCEDURE: adjuvant therapy | RADIATION: radiation therapy.
