NCT Number	Study Summary
NCT00059475	Study Title: Peptide Vaccination for Patients at High Risk for Recurrent Melanoma. Brief Summary: This study will examine the effectiveness and side effects of an experimental vaccine to prevent recurrence of melanoma. The likelihood of melanoma returning is higher in patients who have melanoma lesions deep in the skin, in patients who have had positive lymph nodes, and in patients who have had surgery for metastatic disease (cancer that has spread beyond the primary site). Melanoma tumors produce proteins called glycoprotein 100 (gp100) and melanoma-associated antigen recognized by T cells 1 (MART-1). Vaccination with specific pieces of these proteins (peptides) may boost the immune system's fight against the cancer. The vaccine injections are mixed with an oil-based substance called Montanide ISA-51, which is intended to increase the immune response to the peptide. Patients 16 years of age and older whose melanoma has been surgically removed and who are currently free of disease may be eligible for this study. Candidates will be screened with a physical examination and blood and urine tests. An electrocardiogram (EKG), x-rays and other imaging studies will be done if recent results are not available. Some candidates may require heart tests, such as a cardiac stress test or echocardiogram, or lung function tests. In addition, all candidates will be tested for human leukocyte antigen (HLA) tissue type; patients must be type human leukocyte antigens (HLA-A)\*0201, the type on which this vaccine is based. Participants will be randomly assigned to receive one of four different vaccines to determine which peptides offer the best immunity. Each treatment course consists of two injections of the vaccines every 3 weeks for four times. The injections are given under the skin of the thigh. After every other treatment course (every 6 months), patients will undergo a series of x-rays and scans to look for tumor. The immunizations may continue for up to 12 months as long as the melanoma does not return. The injections are given at the National Institutes of Health (NIH) Clinical Center. Patients are monitored for 1 hour after each injection and have blood tests and a physical examination to look for treatment side effects. Patients will be followed with blood tests every 12 weeks to monitor body functions. They will also undergo leukapheresis-a procedure to collect white blood cells-before starting treatment and about 3 to 4 weeks after the fourth vaccine to evaluate how the vaccines affect the action of the immune system cells. For this procedure, blood is drawn through a needle in the arm, similar to donating blood. The blood goes through a machine that separates out the lymphocytes (white blood cells), and the rest of the blood is returned through a needle in the other arm. Some patients may undergo a biopsy-surgical removal of a small piece of tissue under local anesthetic-of normal skin and tumor or lymph node tissue to examine the effects of the vaccines on the tumor immune cells. Patients whose disease returns during the first course of vaccine therapy will have surgery to remove the tumor and will continue to receive the vaccine treatment. Patients whose tumor returns after completing one course of therapy may receive a substance called interleukin-2 (IL-2), which can boost immune function against the tumor. interleukin-2 (IL-2) is given intravenously (through a small tube placed in a vein) every 8 hours for 4 days. This regimen is repeated after 10 to 14 days. Those who respond to interleukin-2 (IL-2) will have a third course of treatment after 2 months. Patients whose disease recurs after treatment will be taken off the study and will be referred back to their referring physician or to another study, if an appropriate one is available. Interventions: DRUG: Glycoprotein 100 (GP100): 209-217 (210M) | DRUG: Interleukin-2 (IL-2) | DRUG: Montanide ISA 51 | DRUG: Melanoma antigen recognized by T-cells (MART)-1: 27-35 | DRUG: 27-35 (27L): melanoma antigen recognized by T-cells (MART)-1 | DRUG: melanoma antigen recognized by T-cells (MART)-1: 26-35(27L).
NCT00589875	Study Title: Phase 2a Study of CAN-2409 With Standard Radiation Therapy for Malignant Glioma. Brief Summary: The purpose of this study was to evaluate the safety and potential efficacy of CAN-2409 (also known / previously described as AdV-tk, GMCI) for malignant gliomas. The approach used an adenoviral vector (disabled virus) engineered to express the Herpes thymidine kinase gene (aglatimagene besadenovec, CAN-2409), followed by an antiherpetic prodrug, valacyclovir. CAN-2409 was injected into the resection bed after standard tumor surgery and valacyclovir pills were taken for 14 days. Standard radiation and chemotherapy were administered which have been shown to work cooperatively with CAN-2409 + prodrug to kill tumor cells. The hypothesis is that this combination therapy can be safely delivered and will lead to improvement in the clinical outcome for patients with newly diagnosed malignant gliomas, including glioblastoma multiforme (WHO grade IV) and anaplastic astrocytomas (WHO grade III). Interventions: BIOLOGICAL: CAN-2409 | DRUG: Valacyclovir | DRUG: Temozolomide | RADIATION: Radiation therapy.
NCT00004156	Study Title: Vaccine Therapy in Treating Patients With Breast Cancer. Brief Summary: RATIONALE: Vaccines may make the body build an immune response to kill tumor cells. Interventions: BIOLOGICAL: MUC1-KLH vaccine/QS21.
NCT01348256	Study Title: Study With Dendritic Cell Immunotherapy in Resected Hepatic Metastasis of Colorectal Carcinoma. Brief Summary: In this randomized multicentric phase II study, patients with colorectal carcinoma with resectable hepatic metastasis will be randomized to treatment with dendritic cells or to observation, following conventional treatment with surgery and chemotherapy. Interventions: DRUG: Dendritic cells vaccine.
NCT02254915	Study Title: SHTC - EUROPE-1 Synergo Hyperthermia-Chemotherapy by European Urologists' Research Operation Preserving Evolution Study I. Brief Summary: A multi-institutional, prospective, randomised, open-label, superiority, comparative, active-controlled, phase 3 study. The study will compare Synergo RF-induced hyperthermia-chemotherapy (SHTC) plus mitomycin C (MMC) to standard treatment of bacillus Calmette-Guérin (BCG) therapy as first-line adjuvant treatment for intermediate and high-risk NMIBC, and will evaluate recurrence and progression rate over two years of follow-up. Interventions: DEVICE: Synergo + MMC | DRUG: Bacillus Calmette-Guérin.
NCT01950156	Study Title: Safety and Efficacy Study of Epitope Peptide To Treat HLA-A*24 Disease Controlled Advanced Non-small Cell Lung Cancer. Brief Summary: The investigators previously identified three novel HLA-A\*2402-restricted epitope peptides, which were derived from three cancer-testis antigens, URLC10, CDCA1, and KIF20A, as targets for vaccination against lung cancer. In this clinical study, the investigators examine using a combination of these three peptides the safety, immunogenicity, and antitumor effect of vaccine treatment to prevent relapse of the disease for HLA-A\*2402-positive advanced non-small cell lung cancer patients whose disease are controlled after any standard therapies. Interventions: BIOLOGICAL: HLA-A*2402restricted URLC10, CDCA1, and KIF20A peptides with adjuvant.
NCT03662815	"Study Title: Clinical Study of a Personalized Neoantigen Cancer Vaccine in Treating Patients With Advanced Malignant Tumor. Brief Summary: This research study is evaluating a new type of cancer vaccine called ""Personalized Neoantigen Cancer Vaccine"" as a possible treatment for advanced malignant tumor. The purpose of the clinical study is evaluating the safety, tolerability and partial efficacy of the personalized neoantigen cancer vaccine in the treatment of Chinese patients with advanced malignant cancer, so as to provide a new personalized therapeutic strategy for advanced pancreatic cancer patients. It is known that cancer patients have mutations (changes in genetic material) that are specific to an individual patient and tumor. These mutations can cause the tumor cells to produce proteins that appear very different from the body's own cells. It is possible that these proteins used in a vaccine may induce strong immune responses, which may help the participant's body fight any tumor cells that could cause the cancer to come back in the future. The study will examine the safety of the vaccine when given at several different time points and will examine the participant's blood cells for signs that the vaccine induced an immune response. Interventions: BIOLOGICAL: iNeo-Vac-P01 | OTHER: GM-CSF."
NCT00016133	Study Title: Vaccine Therapy in Treating Patients With Stage II or Stage III Colon Cancer That Has Been Removed During Surgery. Brief Summary: RATIONALE: Vaccines made from a patient's white blood cells and tumor cells may make the body build an immune response to kill tumor cells. Drugs used in chemotherapy use different ways to stop tumor cells from dividing so they stop growing or die. Combining vaccine therapy with chemotherapy may kill more tumor cells. PURPOSE: Phase I/II trial to study the effectiveness of vaccine therapy combined with leucovorin and fluorouracil in treating patients who have undergone surgery to completely remove stage II or stage III colon cancer. Interventions: BIOLOGICAL: BCG vaccine | BIOLOGICAL: autologous tumor cell vaccine | DRUG: fluorouracil | DRUG: leucovorin calcium | PROCEDURE: adjuvant therapy.
NCT00036933	Study Title: Vaccine Therapy Plus QS21 in Treating Patients With Prostate Cancer. Brief Summary: RATIONALE: Vaccines may make the body build an immune response to kill tumor cells. Biological therapies such as QS21 use different ways to stimulate the immune system and stop cancer cells from growing. Combining vaccine therapy with QS21 may kill more tumor cells. PURPOSE: Phase II trial to study the effectiveness of combining vaccine therapy with QS21 in treating patients who have prostate cancer. Interventions: BIOLOGICAL: MUC-2-Globo H-KLH conjugate vaccine | BIOLOGICAL: QS21.
NCT00365937	Study Title: Immunization of Disease-Free Melanoma Patients With Different HLA-A2 Peptides. Brief Summary: Open-label single center study. Patients will be divided in four groups of 7. Group 1: 8 melanoma-specific peptides in saline; Group 2: same mix of peptides + Montanide ISA51; Group 3: same mix of peptides + IMP321 500 µg; Group 4: same mix of peptides + IMP321 500 µg + Montanide ISA51. These vaccines will be administered every 3 weeks on 5 occasions by intradermal and superficial subcutaneous injections. Interventions: BIOLOGICAL: Immunological peptides and immunological adjuvants | BIOLOGICAL: HLA-A2 peptides | BIOLOGICAL: Montanide ISA51 | BIOLOGICAL: IMP321.
