NCT Number	Study Summary
NCT00303836	Study Title: Vaccine Therapy With or Without Interleukin-2 After Chemotherapy and an Autologous White Blood Cell Infusion in Treating Patients With Metastatic Melanoma. Brief Summary: This randomized phase II trial is studying how well giving vaccine therapy with or without interleukin-2 after chemotherapy and an autologous white blood cell infusion works in treating patients with metastatic melanoma. Vaccines made from peptides may help the body build an effective immune response to kill tumor cells. Giving vaccine therapy with interleukin-2, chemotherapy, and an autologous white blood cell infusion may be a more effective treatment for metastatic melanoma. Interventions: DRUG: cyclophosphamide | DRUG: fludarabine phosphate | BIOLOGICAL: therapeutic autologous lymphocytes | PROCEDURE: in vitro-treated peripheral blood stem cell transplantation | BIOLOGICAL: gp100 antigen | BIOLOGICAL: MART-1 antigen | BIOLOGICAL: incomplete Freund's adjuvant | BIOLOGICAL: filgrastim | BIOLOGICAL: aldesleukin.
NCT01425749	Study Title: Study to Assess Safety and Immune Response of Stage IIB-IV Resected Melanoma After Treatment With MAGE-A3 ASCI. Brief Summary: The goals of this study are to 1) assess the safety of recombinant MAGE-A3 protein combined with AS15 Immunological Adjuvant System (recMAGE-A3 + AS15) as an Antigen-Specific Cancer Immunotherapeutic (MAGE-A3 ASCI) when administered in two different administration sites, intramuscular (IM) or intradermal/subcutaneous (ID/SC), and 2) to provide preliminary data on the immunological response to ASCI in the injection site microenvironment, in the node draining the vaccine site (sentinel immunized node) and in the blood and whether there are large differences in the magnitude, persistence, or type of immune response induced as a function of the ASCI injection. Evaluation of immune responses to the ASCI will include, amonth others antiMAGE-A3 antibody responses and CD4+ and CD8+ T cell responses. Interventions: BIOLOGICAL: recMAGE-A3 + AS15 ASCI.
NCT03387553	Study Title: HER2 Directed Dendritic Cell Vaccine During Neoadjuvant Therapy of HER2+Breast Cancer. Brief Summary: The purpose of this study is to learn more about how to treat patients with HER-2/neu positive invasive breast cancer (IBC). HER-2/neu is a type of protein that is known to be over-expressed in aggressive breast cancer. The study drug for this trial is DC1 study vaccine which is a HER2-sensitized dendritic cell (DC) study vaccine. This study vaccine is made from the participant's blood cells collected from a procedure called leukapheresis. Dendritic cells are immune cells that can tell the immune system to fight infection. In laboratory testing and from previous studies in participants, these cells may also help the immune system attack tumors such as breast cancer. Interventions: BIOLOGICAL: Dendritic Cell Vaccine (DC1) | DRUG: Neoadjuvant Chemotherapy | PROCEDURE: Curative Surgery.
NCT00052351	Study Title: Vaccine Therapy Plus Sargramostim and Chemotherapy in Treating Women With Stage II or Stage III Breast Cancer. Brief Summary: RATIONALE: Vaccines made from a gene-modified virus may make the body build an immune response to kill tumor cells. Colony-stimulating factors such as sargramostim may increase the number of immune cells found in bone marrow or peripheral blood. Drugs used in chemotherapy use different ways to stop tumor cells from dividing so they stop growing or die. Combining vaccine therapy with sargramostim and chemotherapy may kill more tumor cells. PURPOSE: Randomized clinical trial to study the effectiveness of vaccine therapy plus sargramostim and combination chemotherapy in treating women who have undergone surgery for stage II or stage III breast cancer that has spread to the lymph nodes. Interventions: BIOLOGICAL: recombinant fowlpox-CEA(6D)/TRICOM vaccine | BIOLOGICAL: recombinant vaccinia-CEA(6D)-TRICOM vaccine | BIOLOGICAL: sargramostim | DRUG: cyclophosphamide | DRUG: doxorubicin hydrochloride | DRUG: paclitaxel | RADIATION: radiation therapy.
NCT03053661	Study Title: Immune Response Evaluation to Curative Conventional Therapy. Brief Summary: The IRECT trial is a non-interventional, prospective clinical trial using modern immune monitoring techniques over the course of the standard of care for HNSCC. The dynamics of host/tumor immune interactions during the conventional standard treatment will be analyzed to find the most promising target antigen and to develop a strategy how and when specific immunotherapy should be added to the current treatment schedule. The results from this trial will help to understand how state of the art treatment can be complemented using cancer-testis antigen specific vaccines and immune-modulating drugs to improve the outcome of head and neck cancer patients. Interventions: Not Provided.
NCT00773097	Study Title: Study of the MUC1 Peptide-Poly-ICLC Adjuvant Vaccine in Individuals With Advanced Colorectal Adenoma. Brief Summary: The purpose of this study is to evaluate the immune response to MUC1 - poly-ICLC vaccine, an investigational or study vaccine. The MUC1 - poly-ICLC vaccine is being tested in persons with a history of advanced adenomatous polyps, the precursor to colorectal cancer. The MUC1 - poly-ICLC vaccine is being developed to prevent polyps from advancing into colon cancer and to prevent polyps from recurring. MUC1 is mucus that is normally present on the lining of the human colon. However, MUC1 is expressed in a larger amount and in a modified form on adenomatous polyps and colorectal cancer. These changes in MUC1 are thought to be part of the process of progression from adenomas toward cancer. The goal of a vaccine is to help the immune system in the body identify the changes in MUC1 that accompany the progression to cancer and eliminate the abnormal cells that make abnormal MUC1. Interventions: BIOLOGICAL: MUC1 - Poly ICLC.
NCT00254397	Study Title: Melanoma Vaccine With Peptides and Leuprolide. Brief Summary: The goal of this clinical research study is to learn if the drug leuprolide will increase the level of immune cells in your body. Researchers will also want to know if this drug given together with melanoma vaccines (gp100 and MAGE-3) can improve the ability of tumor fighting immune cells (T cells) to fight melanoma cells. Primary Objective: 1. To compare the tumor-specific immune responses to melanoma-specific peptide vaccines, gp100 and MAGE-3 in the presence or absence of a luteinizing hormone-releasing hormone (LHRH) agonist-Leuprolide, in patients with stage IIb and III melanoma, uveal melanoma or stage IV melanoma that the metastatic lesion(s) has been surgically removed. Secondary Objectives: 1. To evaluate the kinetics of enhanced thymic activity measured by TREC analysis and flow cytometric analysis following sex hormone ablation by Leuprolide in melanoma patients. 2. To assess whether there are significant differences in overall quality of life (QOL) between patients receiving Leuprolide to those not receiving leuprolide. Interventions: DRUG: Leuprolide | BIOLOGICAL: GP100: 209-217(210M) Peptide | BIOLOGICAL: MAGE-3 Peptide.
NCT00042783	Study Title: Vaccine Therapy in Treating Patients With Stage IV Melanoma. Brief Summary: RATIONALE: Vaccines may make the body build an immune response to kill tumor cells. Vaccine therapy may be effective in treating stage IV melanoma. PURPOSE: Phase II trial to study the effectiveness of vaccine therapy in treating patients who have stage IV melanoma. Interventions: BIOLOGICAL: D1/3-MAGE-3-His fusion protein | BIOLOGICAL: SB-AS02B adjuvant.
NCT00640861	Study Title: Vaccine Therapy in Treating Patients With Previously Treated Stage II or Stage III Breast Cancer. Brief Summary: RATIONALE: Vaccines made from peptides may help the body build an effective immune response to kill tumor cells. It is not yet known which vaccine is most effective in treating breast cancer. PURPOSE: This randomized clinical trial is studying the side effects of three different vaccine therapies and comparing the vaccines to see how well they work in treating patients with previously treated stage II or stage III breast cancer. Interventions: BIOLOGICAL: CpG oligodeoxynucleotide | BIOLOGICAL: HER-2/neu peptide vaccine | BIOLOGICAL: MUC-1 peptide vaccine | BIOLOGICAL: incomplete Freund's adjuvant | BIOLOGICAL: sargramostim | OTHER: immunoenzyme technique | OTHER: immunologic technique.
NCT04808245	"Study Title: A MultIceNTER Phase I Peptide VaCcine Trial for the Treatment of H3-Mutated Gliomas. Brief Summary: The study ""A MultIceNTER Phase I Peptide VaCcine Trial to Exploit NeoePitope-Specific T Cells for the Treatment of H3K27M-Mutated Gliomas - (INTERCEPT H3)"" is a non-controlled, open-label, single arm, multicenter phase I trial involving patients with gliomas carrying an H3.1K27M or H3.3K27M mutation. Interventions: DRUG: Tecentriq 1200 MG in 20 ML Injection | BIOLOGICAL: H3K27M peptide vaccine | OTHER: Imiquimod (5%)."
