NCT Number	Study Summary
NCT00098917	Study Title: Vaccine Therapy in Treating Patients Who Are Undergoing Surgery for Stage IB, Stage II, or Stage IIIA Non-Small Cell Lung Cancer. Brief Summary: RATIONALE: Vaccines made from a person's tumor cells and white blood cells may make the body build an effective immune response to kill tumor cells. PURPOSE: This phase I trial is studying the side effects and best dose of vaccine therapy in treating patients who are undergoing surgery for stage IB, stage II, or stage IIIA non-small cell lung cancer. Interventions: DRUG: autologous tumor cell vaccine | DRUG: therapeutic autologous dendritic cells | PROCEDURE: adjuvant therapy | PROCEDURE: biological therapy | PROCEDURE: conventional surgery | PROCEDURE: surgery | PROCEDURE: tumor cell derivative vaccine | PROCEDURE: vaccine therapy.
NCT01673217	Study Title: Decitabine, Vaccine Therapy, and Pegylated Liposomal Doxorubicin Hydrochloride in Treating Patients With Recurrent Ovarian Epithelial Cancer, Fallopian Tube Cancer, or Peritoneal Cancer. Brief Summary: This phase I trial is studying the side effects and best dose of decitabine when given together with pegylated liposomal doxorubicin hydrochloride and vaccine therapy in treating patients with recurrent ovarian epithelial cancer, fallopian tube cancer, or peritoneal cancer. Drugs used in chemotherapy, such as decitabine and pegylated liposomal doxorubicin hydrochloride, work in different ways to stop the growth of tumor cells, either by killing the cells or by stopping them from dividing. Vaccines made from a peptide or antigen may help the body build an effective immune response to kill tumor cells. Giving combination chemotherapy together with vaccine therapy may kill more tumor cells. Interventions: DRUG: decitabine | BIOLOGICAL: NY-ESO-1 peptide vaccine | DRUG: pegylated liposomal doxorubicin hydrochloride | BIOLOGICAL: sargramostim | BIOLOGICAL: incomplete Freund's adjuvant | OTHER: immunohistochemistry staining method | OTHER: liquid chromatography | OTHER: mass spectrometry | GENETIC: reverse transcriptase-polymerase chain reaction | OTHER: laboratory biomarker analysis | GENETIC: DNA methylation analysis | OTHER: enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay.
NCT03358719	Study Title: DEC-205/NY-ESO-1 Fusion Protein CDX-1401, Poly ICLC, Decitabine, and Nivolumab in Treating Patients With Myelodysplastic Syndrome or Acute Myeloid Leukemia. Brief Summary: This phase I trial studies the side effects of DEC-205/NY-ESO-1 fusion protein CDX-1401, poly ICLC, decitabine, and nivolumab in treating patients with myelodysplastic syndrome or acute myeloid leukemia. DEC-205/NY-ESO-1 fusion protein CDX-1401 is a vaccine that may help the immune system specifically target and kill cancer cells. Poly ICLC may help stimulate the immune system in different ways and stop cancer cells from growing. Drugs used in chemotherapy, such as decitabine, work in different ways to stop the growth of cancer cells, either by killing the cells, by stopping them from dividing, or by stopping them from spreading. Monoclonal antibodies, such as nivolumab, may interfere with the ability of cancer cells to grow and spread. Giving DEC-205/NY-ESO-1 fusion protein CDX-1401, poly ICLC, decitabine, and nivolumab may work better in treating patients with myelodysplastic syndrome or acute myeloid leukemia. Interventions: BIOLOGICAL: DEC-205/NY-ESO-1 Fusion Protein CDX-1401 | DRUG: Decitabine | OTHER: Laboratory Biomarker Analysis | BIOLOGICAL: Nivolumab | DRUG: Poly ICLC.
NCT03552718	Study Title: QUILT-2.025 NANT Neoepitope Yeast Vaccine (YE-NEO-001): Adjuvant Immunotherapy Using a Personalized Neoepitope Yeast-Based Vaccine To Induce T-Cell Responses In Subjects W/ Previously Treated Cancers. Brief Summary: This is a phase 1 study to evaluate the safety, the Recommended Phase 2 Dose (RP2D), and preliminary efficacy of a personalized neoepitope yeast-based vaccine, YE-NEO-001, in subjects who have completed potentially curative therapy for their solid cancer and who would otherwise be entering a period of surveillance for recurrent disease. Interventions: BIOLOGICAL: YE-NEO-001.
NCT06195618	"Study Title: Personalized Vaccine for TNBC Immunotherapy. Brief Summary: Due to their genetic instability, breast tumors that do not express receptors for Estrogens, Progestagens or amplify the Her2 / neu oncogene \[called triple-negative breast cancer (TNBC)\] and other tumors such as melanoma, non-small cell lung cancer, accumulate numerous mutations that make them highly resistant to different regimens of chemo- or radiotherapy, thereby generating high morbidity and mortality. However, immunology can turn the genetic instability of tumors into the Achilles' tendon. Evidence of this has been revealed in Phase I clinical studies in patients with melanoma and lung cancer in an advanced stage of metastasis treated with Ipilimumab (anti-CTLA4) to decrease immunosuppression, in whom peptides containing mutations presented in Major Complex molecules Histocompatibility of Class I (MHC I) of the tumor itself results in their recognition as ""foreign"" neo-antigens leading to the efficient destruction of the tumor by anti-tumor CD8 + T lymphocytes that are amplified when they are vaccinated with these peptides. For this reason, the identification of non-synonymous mutations of single amino acid and vaccination with 25 amino acid peptides that incorporate these mutations (synthetic vaccines) is emerging today as an alternative for immunotherapy of cancers responsible for high mortality in humans. In an approach that takes 16 weeks, today, it is possible to go from the analysis of the tumor's transcriptome (which allows identifying the universe of tumor mutations) to the patient's vaccination with a personalized vaccine that contains neo-antigens of his tumor. TNBC is the most aggressive breast tumor, representing around 15% of breast cancers in our environment. While generally, at least 30% of women with other types of metastatic breast cancer survive 5 years after diagnosis, most patients diagnosed with metastatic TNBC die within this time. The lack of selective therapies and the poor prognosis of patients with TNBC make their therapeutic management difficult, so the implementation of new therapies for this type of tumor is the main focus of researchers who seek more effective and selective treatments to improve the life expectancy of patients without compromising their quality of life. The genetic instability and high rate of mutations of the TNBC most likely favor the generation of neo-epitopes. Still, due to the immunosuppressive environment of the tumor, it escapes the immunosurveillance of the immune system. Despite the high mortality induced by this tumor, a percentage of patients treated with neoadjuvant chemotherapy with agents such as Doxorubicin and Cyclophosphamide (AC) + Taxanes respond to this chemotherapy regimen. In particular, the anti-tumor effect of AC is attributed to two things: (i) the direct cytotoxic effect on the tumor cell, (ii) the immunostimulation of T lymphocytes promoted by Immunogenic Cell Death (ICD) selectively induced by these drugs. Therefore, in this project, we propose to carry out the first clinical study in Colombia of vaccination of patients with TNBC with synthetic peptides that contain mutations of their own tumor to evaluate the immunogenicity and safety of this type of personalized vaccine as a therapeutic alternative for this tumor. Achieving the specific objectives set out in this project would mean that we have been validated in Colombia the experimental design necessary to identify unique epitopes in tumors and demonstrate the safety and immunogenicity of these vaccines. We consider that having achieved the above; we will have taken an important step towards the implementation in our country of the use of this type of vaccine for immunotherapy not only of TNBC but of other tumors such as glioblastoma, gastric, esophagus, and pancreas, highly fatal due to its high mutation rate. Interventions: BIOLOGICAL: Peptide pulsed autologous Dendritic cell."
NCT04853017	Study Title: A Study of ELI-002 in Subjects With KRAS Mutated Pancreatic Ductal Adenocarcinoma (PDAC) and Other Solid Tumors. Brief Summary: This is a Phase 1 study to assess the safety and efficacy of ELI-002 immunotherapy (a lipid-conjugated immune-stimulatory oligonucleotide \[Amph-CpG-7909\] plus a mixture of lipid-conjugated peptide-based antigens \[Amph-Peptides\]) as adjuvant treatment of minimal residual disease (MRD) in subjects with KRAS/neuroblastoma ras viral oncogene homolog (NRAS) mutated PDAC or other solid tumors. Interventions: DRUG: ELI-002 2P.
NCT00912418	Study Title: Pilot Study for the Evaluation of the Efficacy of Vaccination With Autologous Tumor Cells Plus Granulocyte-macrophage Colony-stimulating Factor (GM-CSF) - in - Adjuvant, Followed by Systemic Low-dose-interleukin-2 (IL-2) Administration, in Patients With High Risk Melanoma. Brief Summary: This study is an open-label, pilot study of an autologous tumor cell vaccine. Interventions: BIOLOGICAL: autologous tumor cells plus GM-CSF-in Adjuvant.
NCT00118313	Study Title: Vaccine Therapy With or Without Imiquimod in Treating Patients Who Have Undergone Surgery for Stage II, Stage III, or Stage IV Melanoma. Brief Summary: RATIONALE: Vaccines made from peptides may help the body build an effective immune response to kill tumor cells. Biological therapies, such as imiquimod, may stimulate the immune system in different ways and stop tumor cells from growing. Giving vaccine therapy together with imiquimod after surgery may help the body kill any remaining tumor cells. PURPOSE: This randomized phase I trial is studying the side effects and best way to give vaccine therapy with or without imiquimod in treating patients who have undergone surgery for stage II, stage III, or stage IV melanoma. Interventions: BIOLOGICAL: incomplete Freund's adjuvant | BIOLOGICAL: multi-epitope melanoma peptide vaccine | BIOLOGICAL: sargramostim | BIOLOGICAL: tetanus toxoid helper peptide | DRUG: dimethyl sulfoxide | DRUG: imiquimod | PROCEDURE: adjuvant therapy.
NCT04001413	Study Title: Therapy for High-Risk HPV 16-Positive Oropharynx Cancer Patients. Brief Summary: Combination immune checkpoint inhibitor and DNA vaccine will result in clearance of HPV DNA biomarkers (oral and/or plasma) for patients with persistent HPV-16 E6/E7 DNA (HPV biomarker) after treatment with curative intent. Interventions: DRUG: MEDI0457 | DRUG: Durvalumab.
NCT05683834	Study Title: Trial Evaluating the Immunogenicity and Safety of an Adjuvanted Epstein-Barr Virus (EBV) Glycoprotein 350 Vaccine in EBV-seronegative Persons. Brief Summary: Background: Epstein-Barr virus (EBV) causes most cases of infectious mononucleosis (mono). Mono can cause fatigue that lasts more than 6 months, and some people can have severe complications. EBV infection may also contribute to some cancers and autoimmune diseases. Currently, there are no approved therapies or vaccines for EBV infection. Objective: To test a vaccine against EBV. Eligibility: Healthy people aged 18 to 25 years. Design: Participants will be screened in 2 parts. They will have a blood test. If that test shows they have never had an EBV infection, they will have a second clinic visit. They will have a physical exam, with blood and urine tests. A cotton swab will be rubbed on their gums to collect saliva. Participants will receive 2 injections into a shoulder muscle. Some will receive the EBV vaccine. Others will receive a placebo; this contains harmless salt water with no vaccine. Participants will not know which one they are getting. The 2 injections will be 30 days apart. Participants will be asked to record any side effects or symptoms they have between visits. They can do this on paper or online. Participants will return for a follow-up visit 60 days after the first injection. They will have follow-up visits by phone or telehealth after 5 and 8 months. They will return for a physical exam after 13 months. They may come back for an optional physical exam after 2 years. Participants will come to the clinic if they become ill with an EBV infection during the study. Interventions: DRUG: Matrix-M1 Adjuvant | DRUG: EBV gp350-Ferritin Vaccine | OTHER: Placebo Comparator.
