NCT Number	Study Summary
NCT06411691	Study Title: KRAS-Targeted Vaccine Combined With Balstilimab and Botensilimab for Patients With Stage IV MMR-p Colorectal Cancer and Pancreatic Ductal Cancer. Brief Summary: Phase 2 study evaluating the efficacy and immune response to a synthetic long peptide mutant KRAS vaccine (SPL mKRASvax) combined with Balstilimab and Botensilimab for unresectable or metastatic mismatch repair-proficient (MMR-p) colorectal cancer (mCRC) or unresectable or metastatic MMR-p pancreatic ductal adenocarcinoma (PDAC) patients with measurable disease following first-line FOLFIRINOX/FOLFOXIRI (FFX). Interventions: DRUG: KRAS Vaccine with Poly-ICLC adjuvant | DRUG: Balstilimab | DRUG: Botensilimab.
NCT05243862	Study Title: Safety and Activity of PolyPEPI1018 Plus Atezolizumab in Colorectal Cancer. Brief Summary: This is a multicenter, open label, phase II trial to determine the safety, tolerability, and immunogenicity and initial clinical activity of the combination treatment of PolyPEPI1018 vaccine and atezolizumab in participants with MSS CRC who have progressed on 2 or 3 prior regimens. Interventions: DRUG: PolyPEPI1018 | DRUG: Atezolizumab.
NCT00019929	Study Title: Vaccine Therapy in Treating Patients With Stage III Non-Small Cell Lung Cancer. Brief Summary: RATIONALE: Vaccines may make the body build an immune response to kill tumor cells. PURPOSE: This phase II trial is studying vaccine therapy given after standard therapy to see how well it works in treating patients with stage III non-small cell lung cancer. Interventions: BIOLOGICAL: mutant p53 peptide pulsed dendritic cell vaccine | PROCEDURE: adjuvant therapy.
NCT00580060	Study Title: Injection Of AJCC Stage IIB, IIC, III And IV Melanoma Patients With A Multi-Epitope Peptide Vaccine Using GM-CSF DNA As An Adjuvant: A Pilot Trial To Assess Safety And Immunity. Brief Summary: This is a pilot trial to investigate the use of GM-CSF DNA as an adjuvant for peptide vaccination in patients with metastatic melanoma. The objective of this study is to determine the safety and adjuvant effect of vaccination with the gene coding for human GM-CSF with a multi-epitope melanoma peptide vaccine (tyrosinase and gp100 peptides) in patients with AJCC stage IIB, IIC, III and IV melanoma who are HLA-A2+. We will assess whether use of GM-CSF DNA is safe and generates an immune response to peptides derived from antigens on melanoma cells. Interventions: BIOLOGICAL: GM-CSF DNA, NSC 683472 gp100: 209-217(210M), NSC 699048 Tyrosinase: 368-376(370D).
NCT04163094	Study Title: Ovarian Cancer Treatment With a Liposome Formulated mRNA Vaccine in Combination With (Neo-)Adjuvant Chemotherapy. Brief Summary: This is a first-in-human, open label phase I study in ovarian cancer patients with primary disease eligible for standard-of-care treatment with neo-adjuvant chemotherapy, i.e. 3 cycles carboplatin/paclitaxel, interval surgery and 3 additional cycles carboplatin/paclitaxel. Eight doses of the W_ova1 vaccine will be administered prior and in combination with the (neo-)adjuvant chemotherapy to induce an anti-tumor immune response. Systemic immune responses are determined using peripheral blood mononuclear cells collected before, during and after vaccinations. Intratumoral accumulation of T-cells recognizing vaccine-encoded TAAs will be determined before vaccination in a tumor biopsy and after the 3 cycles of chemotherapy and the 5th vaccination using tumor tissue derived from interval surgery. \[18F\]FB-IL2 PET-CT will be used for the non-invasive assessment of T-cell activation and correlated to immunohistochemistry tumor tissue data from pre-treatment biopsy and interval debulking surgery. Interventions: DRUG: W_ova1 Vaccine.
NCT00104780	Study Title: Vaccine Therapy in Treating Patients With Stage IIIB, Stage IV, or Recurrent Non-Small Cell Lung Cancer. Brief Summary: RATIONALE: Vaccines made from peptides may make the body build an effective immune response to kill tumor cells. PURPOSE: This phase II trial is studying how well vaccine therapy works in treating patients with stage IIIB, stage IV, or recurrent non-small cell lung cancer. Interventions: BIOLOGICAL: EP-2101 | BIOLOGICAL: incomplete Freund's adjuvant.
NCT00004929	Study Title: Vaccine Therapy Plus QS21 in Treating Patients With Progressive Prostate Cancer. Brief Summary: RATIONALE: Vaccines may make the body build an immune response to kill tumor cells. PURPOSE: Phase II trial to study the effectiveness of vaccine therapy given with QS21 in treating patients who have progressive prostate cancer. Interventions: BIOLOGICAL: MUC-2-KLH vaccine | BIOLOGICAL: QS21.
NCT03879694	Study Title: Survivin Long Peptide Vaccine in Treating Patients With Metastatic Neuroendocrine Tumors. Brief Summary: This phase I trial studies the side effects of survivin long peptide vaccine and how it works with the immune system in treating patients with neuroendocrine tumors that have spread to other parts of the body (metastatic). Tumor cells make proteins that are not usually produced by normal cells. The body sees these proteins as not belonging and sends white blood cells called T cells to attack the tumor cells that contain these proteins. By vaccinating with small pieces of these proteins called peptides, the immune system can be made to kill tumor cells. Giving survivin long peptide vaccine to patients who have survivin expression in their tumors may create an immune response in the blood that is directed against neuroendocrine tumors. Interventions: BIOLOGICAL: Incomplete Freund's Adjuvant | DRUG: Octreotide Acetate | BIOLOGICAL: Sargramostim | BIOLOGICAL: SVN53-67/M57-KLH Peptide Vaccine.
NCT01241162	Study Title: Decitabine Followed by a Cancer Antigen Vaccine for Patients With Neuroblastoma and Sarcoma. Brief Summary: This treatment study for relapsed high-risk neuroblastoma, Ewings sarcoma, osteogenic sarcoma, rhabdomyosarcoma or synovial sarcoma involves an autologous cancer testis (CT) antigen specific dendritic cell (DC) vaccine preceded by decitabine as a demethylating chemotherapy. Interventions: BIOLOGICAL: Autologous dendritic cell vaccine with adjuvant.
NCT02718391	Study Title: Complementary Vaccination With Dendritic Cells Pulsed With Autologous Tumor Lysate in Resected Stage III and IV Melanoma Patients. Brief Summary: This phase II, randomized, open-label trial aims to assess whether the vaccination increase RFS in disease free melanoma patients after surgery. Patients will be randomized between Intradermal Autologous Dendritic Cell Vaccine loaded with autologous tumor lysate or homogenate (6 vaccines every 4 weeks) and observation. Interventions: BIOLOGICAL: Autologous Dendritic Cell vaccine.
