NCT Number	Study Summary
NCT00020254	Study Title: Vaccine Therapy Plus Sargramostim and Interleukin-2 Compared With Nilutamide Alone in Treating Patients With Prostate Cancer. Brief Summary: RATIONALE: Vaccines made from prostate cancer cells may make the body build an immune response to kill tumor cells. Colony-stimulating factors such as sargramostim may increase the number of immune cells found in bone marrow or peripheral blood. Interleukin-2 may stimulate a person's white blood cells to kill prostate cancer cells. Androgens can stimulate the growth of prostate cancer cells. Hormone therapy using nilutamide may fight prostate cancer by reducing the production of androgens. It is not yet known which treatment regimen is more effective for treating prostate cancer. PURPOSE: Randomized phase II trial to compare the effectiveness of vaccine therapy plus sargramostim and interleukin-2 with that of nilutamide alone in treating patients who have prostate cancer that has not responded to hormone therapy. Interventions: BIOLOGICAL: aldesleukin | BIOLOGICAL: recombinant fowlpox-prostate specific antigen vaccine | BIOLOGICAL: recombinant vaccinia prostate-specific antigen vaccine | BIOLOGICAL: recombinant vaccinia-B7.1 vaccine | BIOLOGICAL: sargramostim | DRUG: nilutamide.
NCT00142454	Study Title: NY-ESO-1 Protein Vaccine With Imiquimod in Melanoma (Adjuvant Setting). Brief Summary: This was a Phase 1, single-arm, open-label, pilot study of NY-ESO-1 protein vaccination with imiquimod as an adjuvant in patients with resected Stage IIB, IIC, and III malignant melanoma. The primary study objective was to determine the safety of NY-ESO-1 protein/imiquimod treatment, and the secondary objective was to evaluate the immunogenicity of treatment. Interventions: DRUG: Imiquimod | BIOLOGICAL: NY-ESO-1 protein.
NCT02549833	Study Title: Neo-adjuvant Evaluation of Glioma Lysate Vaccines in WHO Grade II Glioma. Brief Summary: This is a pilot neoadjuvant vaccine study in adults with WHO grade II glioma, for which surgical resection of the tumor is clinically indicated. Co-primary objectives are to determine: 1) the safety and feasibility of the neoadjuvant approach; and 2) whether the regimen increases the level of type-1 chemokine CXCL10 and vaccine-specific (i.e., reactive to GBM6-AD) CD8+ T-cells in tumor-infiltrating leukocytes (TILs) in the surgically resected glioma. Interventions: BIOLOGICAL: GBM6-AD and poly-ICLC before and after surgery | BIOLOGICAL: GBM6-AD and poly-ICLC after surgery only.
NCT00089219	Study Title: Vaccine Therapy in Treating Patients With Stage IIIB, Stage IIIC, or Stage IV Melanoma. Brief Summary: RATIONALE: Vaccines may make the body build an immune response to kill tumor cells. PURPOSE: This randomized phase I/II trial is studying three different doses of a vaccine and comparing them to see how well they work in treating patients with stage IIIB, stage IIIC, or stage IV melanoma. Interventions: BIOLOGICAL: IFA | BIOLOGICAL: 6MHP | BIOLOGICAL: GM-CSF.
NCT01836432	"Study Title: Immunotherapy Study in Borderline Resectable or Locally Advanced Unresectable Pancreatic Cancer. Brief Summary: Unfortunately, despite the best clinical efforts and breakthroughs in biotechnology, most patients diagnosed with pancreatic cancer continue to die from the rapid progression of their disease. One primary reason for this is that the disease is typically without symptoms until significant local and/or distant spread has occurred and is often beyond the chance for cure at the time of the diagnosis. The lack of any treatment to substantially increase long term survival rates is reflected by the poor outcomes associated with this disease, specifically time to disease progression and overall survival. However, another important part of the body is now being looked at as a target for therapy against this disease - the immune system. Scientists have clearly shown that pancreatic tumor cells produce a number of defective proteins, or express normal proteins in highly uncharacteristic ways, as part of this cancer. In some cancers, these abnormalities can cause an immune response to the cancer cells much in the way one responds to infected tissue. In progressive cancers however, the immune system fails to effectively identify or respond to these abnormalities and the cancer cells are not attacked or destroyed for reasons not yet fully understood. This clinical trial proposes a new way to stimulate the immune system to recognize pancreatic cancer cells and to stimulate an immune response that destroys or blocks the growth of the cancer. This new method of treatment helps the immune system of pancreatic cancer patients to ""identify"" the cancerous tissue so that it can be eliminated from the body. As an example, most people are aware that patients with certain diseases may require an organ transplant to replace a damaged kidney or heart. After receiving their transplant, these patients receive special drugs because they are at great danger of having an immune response that destroys or ""rejects"" the transplanted organ. This ""rejection"" occurs when their immune system responds to differences between the cells of the transplanted organ and their own immune system by attacking the foreign tissue in the same way as it would attack infected tissue. When the differences between foreign tissues and the patient's body are even larger, as with the differences between organs from different species, the rejection is very rapid, highly destructive, and the immunity it generates is longlasting. This is called hyperacute rejection and the medicine used to immunize patients in this protocol tries to harness this response to teach a patient's immune system to fight their pancreatic cancer just as the body would learn to reject a transplanted organ from an animal. To do this, Algenpantucel-L immunotherapy contains human pancreatic cancer cells that contain a mouse gene that marks the cancer cells as foreign to patient's immune systems. The immune system therefore attacks these cancer cells just as they would attack any truly foreign tissue, destroying as much as it can. Additionally, the immune system is stimulated to identify differences (aside from the mouse gene) between these cancer cells and normal human tissue as foreign. This ""education"" of the immune system helps treat the patient because pancreatic cancer cells already present in a treated patient are believed to show some of the same differences from normal tissue as the modified pancreatic cancer cells in the product. Due to these similarities, the immune system, once ""educated"" by the Algenpantucel-L immunotherapy, identifies the patient's cancer as foreign and attacks. The chemotherapy combination to be used in this study has been shown to improve survival in advanced pancreatic cancer and is being combined with an experimental pancreatic cancer immunotherapy that stimulates the immune system to recognize and attack the cancer. One goal of this study is to determine whether chemotherapy and immunotherapies can work cooperatively to increase anti-tumor effects to levels beyond what would be seen with either treatment alone. In this experimental study, all patients are given a strong combination of anti-tumor chemotherapies while some patients are also given injections of an immunotherapy drug consisting of two types of pancreatic cancer cells that we have modified to make them more easily recognized and attacked by the immune system. We propose to test this new treatment protocol in patients with locally advanced pancreatic cancer to demonstrate that treatment with the immunotherapy increases the time until the tumor progresses or increases overall survival when given in combination with the current standard of care therapy for this disease. Interventions: DRUG: FOLFIRINOX | BIOLOGICAL: Algenpantucel-L Immunotherapy | RADIATION: 5-FU Chemoradiation | DRUG: Gemcitabine | DRUG: Capecitabine | DRUG: Nab-Paclitaxel."
NCT05528952	Study Title: Evaluation of the Interest to Combine a CD4 Th1-inducer Cancer Vaccine Derived From Telomerase and Atezolizumab Plus Bevacizumab in Unresectable Hepatocellular Carcinoma. Brief Summary: The TERTIO trial will propose to determine the clinical interest and immunological efficacy of a treatment combining the CD4 helper T-inducer cancer anti-telomerase vaccine (UCPVax) with anti-PD-L1 therapy (atezolizumab) and bevacizumab in unresectable HCC by evaluation of the objective response rate at 6 months (randomized phase II, 10 centers, 105 patients). Interventions: DRUG: Atezolizumab | DRUG: Bevacizumab | DRUG: UCPVax.
NCT01341652	Study Title: Phase II PAP Plus GM-CSF Versus GM-CSF Alone for Non-metastatic Prostate Cancer. Brief Summary: The investigators are trying to find new methods to treat prostate cancer. The approach the investigators are taking is to try to enhance patients' own immune response against the cancer. In this study the investigators will be testing the effectiveness of a vaccine that may be able to help the body fight prostate cancer. Interventions: BIOLOGICAL: pTVG-HP | BIOLOGICAL: rhGM-CSF.
NCT00844506	Study Title: p53 Synthetic Long Peptides Vaccine With Cyclophosphamide for Ovarian Cancer. Brief Summary: The purpose of this study is to determine whether the addition of cyclophosphamide to the treatment with the p53-SLP vaccine improves clinical efficacy and immunogenicity of the p53-SLP vaccine in ovarian cancer patients. Interventions: DRUG: P53-SLP vaccine | DRUG: Cyclophosphamide.
NCT02264236	Study Title: Vaccination of Advanced-Stage Lung Cancer Patients. Brief Summary: The overarching purpose of this study is to evaluate the clinical efficacy of an investigational agent, P10s-PADRE, a peptide mimotope-based vaccine, in combination with standard-of-care (SoC) treatment in subjects with advanced-stage (i.e., metastatic) Lung Cancer. Vaccine will consist of P10s-PADRE admixed with an adjuvant, MONTANIDETM ISA 51 VG. Up to one hundred fifty (150) subjects with advanced-stage Lung Cancer of any histologic type will be enrolled for this vaccine trial. This single-arm, multi-site trial is designed to evaluate the therapeutic benefits of the vaccine in subjects with advanced-stage lung cancer. The primary objectives of the study are: (1) to monitor the safety and tolerability of the vaccine when it is administered in combination with SoC therapy; and (2) to determine whether immunization with vaccine can successfully elicit a robust immune response in subjects with advanced-stage lung cancer. Interventions: BIOLOGICAL: P10s-PADRE vaccine.
NCT05010200	Study Title: The Safety and Tolerability of PGV001-based Personalized Multi-peptide Vaccines in the Adjuvant Setting. Brief Summary: This proof of concept study is designed to test the safety and tolerability of PGV001-based personalized multi-peptide vaccines in combination with CDX-301 in subjects with a history of aggressive prostate cancer, in the tumor free adjuvant setting. Interventions: BIOLOGICAL: PGV-001 | BIOLOGICAL: Poly-ICLC | BIOLOGICAL: CDX-301.
