NCT Number	Study Summary
NCT00415857	Study Title: Proteinase 3 PR1 Peptide Mixed With Montanide ISA-51 VG Adjuvant and Administered With GM-CSF and PEG-INTRON(R). Brief Summary: The goal of this clinical research study is to find out if using the PR1 peptide vaccine (PR1) without PEG-Intron (interferon) or in combination with interferon can reduce or eliminate disease in patients who have CML that is in cytogenetic remission after treatment with imatinib mesylate, but who still have small amounts of disease able to be noticed (detected). Researchers want to see if giving low doses of interferon together with PR1 may make the vaccine more effective. The safety of treatment in this study will also be studied. Interventions: BIOLOGICAL: Peptide Vaccine (PR1 Peptide) | DRUG: Peginterferon alfa-2b | DRUG: Imatinib | DRUG: GM-CSF.
NCT02609022	Study Title: Safety, Tolerability and Immunogenic Response of CV-MG01 in Patients With Myasthenia Gravis. Brief Summary: Study CV-0002 is the first clinical trial administering CV-MG01 in humans. This clinical trial is a safety and proof-of-concept study (proof of mechanism of action) intended to assess the safety, tolerability and immunogenic response following 3 subcutaneous injections of CV-MG01 as a potential therapeutic vaccine / active immunotherapy in myasthenia gravis (MG) patients. Interventions: BIOLOGICAL: CV-MG01 | BIOLOGICAL: Placebo.
NCT00705835	Study Title: Vaccine Therapy of Prostate Cancer Patients With Recombinant Soluble Prostate-Specific Membrane Antigen (Rs-PSMA) Plus the Immunological Adjuvant Alhydrogel. Brief Summary: The purpose of this research is to help us study a vaccine treatment for patients with prostate cancer. A vaccine is a medicine that teaches the body to destroy harmful infections and other diseases, such as cancer. Your immune system is made up of many different types of cells which fight infection and disease in your body. A vaccine may stimulate the immune system to destroy the cancer cells. It may also help to slow the growth of the cancer. The vaccine is a solution given as an injection into or under the skin. It is made up of several parts. The first part is PSMA, a protein present in many cancers, especially prostate cancer. It is referred to as rsPSMA when made in a laboratory for this study and is mixed with a material called Alhydrogel (aluminum hydroxide suspension) which helps the immune system to make more cancer-fighting cells. Interventions: BIOLOGICAL: rsPSMA protein plus Alhydrogel vaccine.
NCT00089063	Study Title: Vaccine Therapy With or Without Sargramostim in Treating Patients Who Have Undergone Surgery for Melanoma. Brief Summary: This randomized phase II trial is studying vaccine therapy and sargramostim to see how well they work compared to vaccine therapy alone in treating patients who have undergone surgery for stage IIB, stage IIC, stage III, or stage IV melanoma. Vaccines made from peptides may make the body build an immune response to kill tumor cells. Colony-stimulating factors such as sargramostim increase the number of immune cells found in bone marrow or peripheral blood. Combining vaccine therapy with sargramostim may make a stronger immune response. Interventions: BIOLOGICAL: tyrosinase peptide | BIOLOGICAL: gp100 antigen | BIOLOGICAL: MART-1 antigen | BIOLOGICAL: incomplete Freund's adjuvant | DRUG: Montanide ISA 51 VG | BIOLOGICAL: sargramostim | OTHER: laboratory biomarker analysis.
NCT00124124	Study Title: Comparison of Dendritic Cells Versus Montanide as Adjuvants in a Melanoma Vaccine. Brief Summary: In this study, a melanoma vaccine (5 melanoma peptides) is given with either Montanide or dendritic cells as adjuvants. This randomized trial will establish the safety of both vaccines and compare the 2 vaccine adjuvants in their efficacy to induce immune responses. Interventions: DRUG: KLH; Peptides; Dendritic Cells | DRUG: KLH, peptides plus Montanide.
NCT03162224	Study Title: Safety and Efficacy of MEDI0457 and Durvalumab in Participants With Human Papilloma Virus (HPV) Associated Recurrent/Metastatic Head and Neck Cancer. Brief Summary: This is a Phase 1b/2a, open-label, multi-center study to evaluate the safety and tolerability, anti-tumor activity, and immunogenicity of MEDI0457 (also known as INO 3112) a HPV Deoxyribonucleic Acid (DNA) vaccine in combination with durvalumab (also known as MEDI4736) which is a human monoclonal antibody directed against Programmed Death Ligand 1 (PD-L1), which blocks the interaction of PD-L1 with PD-1 and Cluster of differentiation 80 (CD80). An initial three to 12 participants (Safety Analysis Run-in participants) will be enrolled and assessed for safety before additional participants are enrolled. The initial safety analysis run-in participants along with an approximate total of 50 participants with human papilloma virus associated recurrent or metastatic head and neck squamous cell cancer (HNSCC) will be enrolled in this study and evaluated also for anti-tumor efficacy to MEDI0457 in combination with durvalumab. Interventions: DRUG: MEDI0457 | DEVICE: CELLECTRA5P device | DRUG: Durvalumab.
NCT02826434	Study Title: Adjuvant PVX-410 Vaccine and Durvalumab in Stage II/III Triple Negative Breast Cancer. Brief Summary: The purpose of this research study is to evaluate Immunotherapy with a peptide vaccine and Programmed Death Ligand 1 (PD-L1) inhibitor as a possible adjuvant treatment for Stage II or III Triple Negative Breast Cancer. This research study is studying the safety, tolerability, and immune response of these treatments. The names of the study interventions involved in this study are: * PVX-410 Vaccine\* Durvalumab (MEDI4736). Interventions: BIOLOGICAL: PVX-410 | BIOLOGICAL: Durvalumab | DRUG: Hiltonol.
NCT02211027	Study Title: Biological Vaccine: Semi-allogeneic Human Fibroblasts (MRC-5) Transfected With DNA. Brief Summary: Hypothesis The incidence of toxicity in patients receiving the tumor DNA-transfected fibroblast vaccine will be acceptably low and the immunologic response rate sufficiently high to warrant further study of this therapy. The study of the vaccine will proceed in two stages after the method of Simon (102). In the first stage, 15 patients will be accrued and treated. If two or fewer objective immunologic responses occur, the study will be terminated. If 3 or more responses are observed, the study will proceed to the second stage, accruing an additional 22 patients. If the second stage is complete and a total of 9 or more immunologic responses are observed among the 37 patients treated, the treatment response rate for the vaccine will be considered high enough to warrant further study. Conversely, if the evaluation of the vaccine concludes at the first stage, or if 8 or fewer total immunologic responses occur after completing the second stage, the vaccine will not be considered for further study. Interventions: BIOLOGICAL: Semi-allogenic human fibroblast (MRC-5) transfected with DNA.
NCT00001827	Study Title: p53 Vaccine for Ovarian Cancer. Brief Summary: This study will examine whether vaccination with a p53 peptide can boost an immune response to ovarian cancer and what the side effects are of the vaccine. Many patients with ovarian cancer have an altered (mutated) gene called p53 that causes the production of abnormal proteins found in their tumor cells. The body s immune system may try, unsuccessfully, to fight these abnormal proteins. In this study, ovarian cancer patients with a p53 abnormality will be vaccinated with a p53 peptide a part of the same abnormal protein found in their tumor to try to boost their body s immune response to the cancer. Patients will be divided into two groups. Group A will have four p53 peptide vaccinations three weeks apart, injected under the skin. The injection will include a drug called ISA-51, which increases the effect of the vaccine. This group will also receive two other drugs that boost the immune system, IL-2 and GM-CSF. Group B will have four p53 peptide vaccinations three weeks apart. The peptide will be mixed with the patient s own blood cells and infused into a vein. This group will also receive IL-2, but not GM-CSF. All study candidates will be tested to see if their cancer has a p53 abnormality and if their immune system mounted a defense against it. These tests may include a tumor biopsy (removal of a small part of the tumor for microscopic examination); lymphapheresis (a procedure to take blood, remove white blood cells called lymphocytes, and return the red cells); and an immune response test similar to a skin test for tuberculosis. During the study, patients will have additional skin tests and blood tests. Interventions: BIOLOGICAL: aldesleukin | BIOLOGICAL: incomplete Freund's adjuvant | BIOLOGICAL: p53 peptide vaccine | BIOLOGICAL: sargramostim | BIOLOGICAL: therapeutic autologous dendritic cells | PROCEDURE: in vitro-treated peripheral blood stem cell transplantation.
NCT00003224	Study Title: Vaccine Therapy in Treating Patients With Metastatic Melanoma. Brief Summary: RATIONALE: Vaccines made from peptide 946 may make the body build an immune response to kill tumor cells. Combining these vaccines with proteins from the tetanus vaccine, and/or with either QS21 or Montanide ISA-51 may be an effective treatment for metastatic melanoma. PURPOSE: Randomized phase I trial to study the effectiveness of vaccines made from peptide 946 with or without tetanus peptide, QS21, or Montanide ISA-51 in treating patients with metastatic melanoma that cannot be surgically removed or with melanoma that is likely to recur. Interventions: BIOLOGICAL: QS21 | BIOLOGICAL: IFA (incomplete Freund's adjuvant) | BIOLOGICAL: p946 | BIOLOGICAL: p946/tet-p | BIOLOGICAL: Tet-p.
