NCT Number	Study Summary
NCT00227474	Study Title: S0348 Vaccine Therapy in Treating Patients With Stage IIIB or Stage IV Breast Cancer in Remission. Brief Summary: RATIONALE: Vaccines made from a gene-modified virus may help the body build an effective immune response to kill tumor cells. Giving booster vaccinations may make a stronger immune response and prevent or delay the recurrence of cancer. PURPOSE: This phase II trial is studying how well vaccine therapy works in treating patients with stage IIIB or stage IV breast cancer in remission. Interventions: DRUG: recombinant modified vaccinia Ankara-5T4 vaccine | PROCEDURE: adjuvant therapy | PROCEDURE: recombinant viral vaccine therapy.
NCT00912574	Study Title: Evaluation of the Effects of Local Granulocyte-Macrophage Colony-Stimulating Factor (GM-CSF) in Adjuvant Administration on Dendritic Cells in Skin of Melanoma Patients and in Sentinel Lymph Nodes: MEL38. Brief Summary: Goal: To characterize the cellular events that occur in vivo after vaccination with an emulsion of GMCSF-in-adjuvant. Design: Open-label, single dose study in two stages. Interventions: DRUG: GM-CSF-in-adjuvant | DRUG: Montanide ISA-51 | BIOLOGICAL: GM-CSF and Montanide ISA-51 | DRUG: Saline.
NCT01862874	Study Title: Efficacy and Tolerability Study of V501 in Japanese Males (V501-122). Brief Summary: A study to evaluate the efficacy and tolerability of V501 (quadrivalent Human Papilloma Virus \[HPV\] \[Type 6, 11, 16 and 18\] L1 Virus-Like Particle vaccine, GARDASIL) in healthy, 16- to 26-year old Japanese males. The hypotheses tested are: 1) V501 reduces the combined incidence of HPV 6-, 11-, 16-, or 18-related persistent infection compared with placebo, and 2) V501 reduces the combined incidence of HPV 6-, 11-, 16-, or 18-related persistent infection, condyloma acuminata, penile/perianal/perineal intraepithelial neoplasia, or penile, perianal, or perineal cancer compared with placebo. Interventions: BIOLOGICAL: V501 | BIOLOGICAL: Placebo.
NCT00470574	Study Title: Vaccine Therapy and QS21 in Treating Patients With Metastatic Breast Cancer. Brief Summary: RATIONALE: Vaccines may help the body build an effective immune response to kill tumor cells. Giving vaccine therapy together with QS21 may cause a stronger immune response and kill more tumor cells. PURPOSE: This clinical trial is studying the side effects and how well giving vaccine therapy together with QS21 works in treating patients with metastatic breast cancer. Interventions: BIOLOGICAL: QS21 | BIOLOGICAL: sialyl Lewisª-keyhole limpet hemocyanin conjugate vaccine | OTHER: immunoenzyme technique | OTHER: immunologic technique | OTHER: laboratory biomarker analysis.
NCT04364230	Study Title: Melanoma Vaccine Against Neoantigen and Shared Antigens by CD40 Activation and TLR Agonists In Patients With Melanoma (Including Ocular Melanoma). Brief Summary: This study evaluates whether it is safe to administer a peptide vaccine made of 6MHP and a mutated neoantigen peptide (BRAF585-614-V600E) combined with adjuvants. The adjuvants that will be used in this trial are a CD40 antibody (CDX-1140) and a toll-like receptor (TLR) 3 agonist (Poly-ICLC). The study will also investigate the effects of the vaccine and the adjuvants on the immune response. The investigators will monitor these effects by performing tests in the laboratory on participants' blood and skin tissue. Interventions: DRUG: 6MHP | DRUG: NeoAg-mBRAF | DRUG: PolyICLC | DRUG: CDX-1140.
NCT01309230	Study Title: A Trial of FANG Vaccine for Participants With Ovarian Cancer. Brief Summary: This was a clinical trial for women with ovarian cancer scheduled to have an operation to remove the cancerous tissue. The cancer cells removed during the planned surgery were used to attempt to make the investigational product, named Vigil. Vigil is considered an immunotherapy. In this study, participants who met the requirements to be in the study and if Vigil was successfully made from the participants cancer cells, participants underwent treatment with their standard chemotherapy regimen. At the end of the standard chemotherapy regimen and if there was no evidence of remaining cancer, participants were randomly assigned to receive the Vigil or would be assigned to the standard of care group, which in this study meant no further treatment was given to the participant. The purpose of this study was to compare the difference between the participants who received Vigil versus the usual care after completion of standard chemotherapy and to determine if Vigil delayed or prevented ovarian cancer from coming back. Interventions: BIOLOGICAL: Vigil.
NCT01729663	Study Title: Phase II/III Clinical Study CSF470 Plus BCG Plus GM-CSF vs IFN Alpha 2b in Stage IIB, IIC and III Melanoma Patients. Brief Summary: Randomized, open, Phase II-III study, comparative between treatment with CSF-470 vaccine , allogeneic, irradiated with BCG and molgramostin (rHuGM-CSF) as adjuvants and interferon alfa 2b (IFN-alpha2b) treatment , in stages IIB, IIC o III (AJCC) post-surgery cutaneous melanoma patients. This study has been approved by ANMAT ( Administración Nacional de Medicamentos, Alimentos y Tecnología Médica (ANMAT)), number 1556/2011 (www.anmat.gov.ar). The study Institution is Instituto Médico Especializado Alexander Fleming, Ciudad Autónoma de Buenos Aires, Argentina. The Sponsor is Laboratory Pablo Cassará (LPC, S.R.L.). Study population include a total of 108 patients (72 patients will receive CSF470 vaccine and 36 patients will receive alpha IFN-alpha 2b) for a total of 24 months. CSF-470 treatment will consist of four vaccine doses id injection (three weeks apart), then one dose every two months for the first year and them every three months for the second year. Each vaccine consist of a mixture of 17,6.106 melanoma cells, from four melanoma cell lines, not genetically modified and lethally irradiated. As adjuvant BCG (120 µg prot) the first day and rHuGM-CSF (Molgramostim, 400 µg, fractionated in four days doses) will be used. IFN-alpha 2b treatment will consist of s.c. injection of 10 million units (MU) (5 t/w ) for four weeks and then 5 MU (3t/w) for 23 months. Both treatments will also compare quality of life (QOL) and study a possible correlation in the CSF470 vaccine arm between the induced immune response and clinical outcome. Interventions: BIOLOGICAL: CSF470 vaccine, BCG, Molgramostim | DRUG: interferon alpha 2b.
NCT04552886	Study Title: Dendritic Cell Vaccination With Standard Postoperative Chemoradiation for the Treatment of Adult Glioblastoma. Brief Summary: Effective treatments are desperately needed for glioblastoma (GBM) patients. This phase I clinical trial assesses the safety of a novel personalized dendritic-cell vaccine administered to GBM patients shortly after completing standard-of-care treatments. Secondary outcomes will evaluate patient progression-free survival and overall survival. Interventions: BIOLOGICAL: TH-1 Dendritic Cell Immunotherapy.
NCT02978222	Study Title: Folate Receptor Alpha Peptide Vaccine With GM-CSF Versus GM-CSF Alone in Patients With Platinum Sensitive Ovarian Cancer. Brief Summary: This is a double-blind, randomized, parallel groups Phase II trial. Patients with platinum-sensitive advanced ovarian cancer, defined as a lack of progression by RECIST v1.1 criteria following completion of standard-of-care chemotherapy, including a minimum of 4 cycles of a platinum-containing regimen. Patients will be randomized to either the vaccine regimen with GM-CSF adjuvant or GM-CSF adjuvant alone as a control group. Treatment will be administered as a consolidation therapy within one year of the last administration of platinum, targeting the first remission. Interventions: BIOLOGICAL: FRα peptide plus Adjuvant (GM-CSF) | DRUG: Adjuvant (GM-CSF) Alone.
NCT03850522	Study Title: PD-L1 Peptide Vaccination in High Risk Smoldering Multiple Myeloma. Brief Summary: This study is evaluating a new vaccine against PD-L1 as a possible treatment for high-risk smoldering multiple myeloma. Interventions: BIOLOGICAL: PD-L1 peptide.
