NCT Number	Study Summary
NCT01983748	Study Title: Dendritic Cells Plus Autologous Tumor RNA in Uveal Melanoma. Brief Summary: Patients suffering from uveal melanoma (typed positive for monosomy 3 and without evidence for metastases) will be vaccinated over a period of 2 years with Dendritic Cell loaded with autologous Tumor RNA. 200 patients will be included. The Trial is an open multicenter Phase III Trial. Interventions: BIOLOGICAL: Autologous Dendritic Cells loaded with autologous Tumor RNA.
NCT06057948	Study Title: A Study of a Vaccine in Combination With Beta-glucan in People With Neuroblastoma. Brief Summary: The purpose of this study is to test which treatment schedule of β-glucan with bivalent vaccine is more effective for participants with high-risk neuroblastoma that is in complete remission. Interventions: BIOLOGICAL: OPT-821 (QS-21) | DIETARY_SUPPLEMENT: oral β-glucan.
NCT00003222	Study Title: Vaccine Therapy Plus Interleukin-2 in Treating Patients With Stage III or Stage IV Melanoma. Brief Summary: RATIONALE: Vaccines made from melanoma cells may make the body build an immune response to and kill tumor cells. Colony-stimulating factors such as GM-CSF may increase the number of immune cells found in the bone marrow or peripheral blood. Interleukin-2 may stimulate a person's white blood cells to kill melanoma cells. Combining vaccine therapy with GM-CSF and interleukin-2 may be kill more tumor cells. PURPOSE: Phase II trial to study the effectiveness of vaccines made from melanoma cells with or without GM-CSF followed by interleukin-2 in treating patients with stage III or stage IV melanoma. Interventions: BIOLOGICAL: aldesleukin | BIOLOGICAL: gp100 antigen | BIOLOGICAL: incomplete Freund's adjuvant | BIOLOGICAL: sargramostim | BIOLOGICAL: tetanus peptide melanoma vaccine | BIOLOGICAL: tyrosinase peptide.
NCT03927222	Study Title: Immunotherapy Targeted Against Cytomegalovirus in Patients With Newly-Diagnosed WHO Grade IV Unmethylated Glioma. Brief Summary: This single-arm phase II study will assess the impact of tetanus pre-conditioning and adjuvant Granulocyte Macrophage Colony Stimulating Factor (GM-CSF) on overall survival of patients newly diagnosed with World Health Organization (WHO) Grade IV glioblastoma who have undergone definitive tumor resection, are cytomegalovirus (CMV) positive and unmethylated, and completed standard temozolomide (TMZ) and radiation treatment. After completion of the standard of care radiotherapy with concurrent TMZ, patients will receive 1 cycle of dose-intensified TMZ followed by pp65-loaded dendritic cell (DC) vaccination beginning on day 23. Interventions: BIOLOGICAL: Human CMV pp65-LAMP mRNA-pulsed autologous DCs containing GM CSF | DRUG: Temozolomide | BIOLOGICAL: Tetanus-Diphtheria Toxoid (Td) | BIOLOGICAL: GM-CSF | BIOLOGICAL: 111-Indium-labeling of Cells for in vivo Trafficking Studies.
NCT00003357	Study Title: Vaccine Therapy Plus QS21 in Treating Women With Breast Cancer Who Have No Evidence of Disease. Brief Summary: RATIONALE: Vaccines made from GM2-KLH and given with QS21 may make the body build an immune response to and kill tumor cells. PURPOSE: Phase I trial to study the effectiveness of GM2-KLH vaccine plus QS21 in treating patients with breast cancer who have no evidence of disease. Interventions: BIOLOGICAL: GM2-KLH vaccine | BIOLOGICAL: QS21.
NCT06315257	Study Title: A Clinical Trial to Assess PVX7 Immunotherapy Regimens in Advanced Cervical Cancer Patients. Brief Summary: A Feasibility Trial of PVX7 vaccine in advanced cervical cancer patients who have completed primary definitive therapy. Interventions: DRUG: PVX7.
NCT04630730	Study Title: Intravesical Recombinant BCG Followed by Perioperative Chemo-immunotherapy for Patients With MIBC. Brief Summary: Current treatment of localized muscle-invasive bladder cancer is still associated with high relapse and death rate as well as the need for complete bladder resection or irradiation. The primary objective of this trial is to increase the rate of pathologic complete remission (pCR) at the time of radical cystectomy by the combination of local bladder instillation with Bacillus Calmette Guérin (BCG) in combination with systemic immunotherapy with atezolizumab and standard chemotherapy with cisplatin/gemcitabine. The trial tests the hypothesis whether BCG can enhance systemic and local immune response and thereby increase pCR rate and consequently also event-free survival. Improving pCR rate would be a next step to the ultimate goal of omitting radical surgery or extensive local radiotherapy to the bladder for these patients. Interventions: DRUG: Recombinant intravesical BCG (Bacillus Calmette-Guérin VPM1002BC) | DRUG: Atezolizumab | DRUG: Cisplatin | DRUG: Gemcitabine.
NCT01095848	Study Title: A Phase I Safety Study of a Cancer Vaccine to Treat HLA-A2 Positive Advanced Stage Ovarian, Breast and Prostate Cancer. Brief Summary: To determine the safety and immunogenicity profile of two (2) different doses of the vaccine DPX-0907 to treat breast, ovarian and prostate cancer. Interventions: BIOLOGICAL: DPX-0907 consists of 7 tumor-specific HLA-A2-restricted peptides, a universal T Helper peptide, a polynucleotide adjuvant, a liposome and Montanide ISA51 VG.
NCT02078648	Study Title: Safety and Efficacy Study of SL-701, a Glioma-Associated Antigen Vaccine To Treat Recurrent Glioblastoma Multiforme. Brief Summary: The purpose of this study is to determine the safety and efficacy of SL-701 as a treatment for recurrent glioblastoma multiform (GBM). Interventions: DRUG: SL-701; poly-ICLC (polyinosinic-polycytidylic acid stabilized with polylysine and carboxymethyl cellulose) | DRUG: Bevacizumab | DRUG: SL-701 + GM-CSF | DRUG: Imiquimod.
NCT05264974	Study Title: Novel RNA-nanoparticle Vaccine for the Treatment of Early Melanoma Recurrence Following Adjuvant Anti-PD-1 Antibody Therapy. Brief Summary: The goal of this phase I trial is to evaluate the toxicity and feasibility of a tumor-specific RNA-NP vaccine in patients with stage IIB-IV melanoma who have progressed on anti-PD1 (a-PD1) adjuvant therapy. Interventions: BIOLOGICAL: Autologous total tumor mRNA loaded DOTAP liposome vaccine.
