NCT Number	Study Summary
NCT05479045	Study Title: A Combination Therapy Strategy to Prevent Anti-PD-1 Therapy Resistance in Metastatic Ovarian Cancer Patients. Brief Summary: This is an open label, non-randomized, 2-stage phase II, single arm study to determine the efficacy of New York esophageal squamous cell carcinoma 1 (NY-ESO-1) peptide vaccine as a priming mechanism to prevent anti-PD1 resistance in patients with platinum-refractory stage III/IV ovarian cancer (OC). Interventions: BIOLOGICAL: NY-ESO-1 Peptide vaccine | DRUG: Nivolumab.
NCT01551745	Study Title: Salvage Ovarian FANG Vaccine + Bevacizumab. Brief Summary: This is a Phase II study of Vigil autologous tumor cell vaccine integrated with bevacizumab. All patients will have had Vigil prepared and stored from initial primary surgical debulking. Patients meeting eligibility criteria will receive Vigil 1.0 x 10e7 cells/intradermal injection once every 4 weeks and bevacizumab 10 mg/kg intravenously every 2 weeks. Interventions: BIOLOGICAL: Vigil Vaccine | DRUG: Bevacizumab.
NCT01349647	Study Title: Immunization With a Pentavalent Vaccine Composed of KLH-conjugates of GD2L, GD3L, Globo H, Fucosyl GM1, and N-Propionylated Polysialic Acid. Brief Summary: Even when small cell lung cancer responds well to treatment with chemotherapy, it has a tendency to grow back and to spread. The investigators are interested in testing new therapies aimed at decreasing this risk. This study tests a vaccine, which is a substance injected under the skin which can cause an immune response. The hope is that the body will make antibodies to the vaccine which will also react against the cancer. The vaccine is specific for small cell lung cancer. It combines several components (small cell lung cancer targets) that have been tested individually in patients with small cell lung cancer or other cancers (GD2, GD3, Globo H, Fucosyl GM1 and N-propionylated polysialic acid). Two other substances (KLH and OPT-821) are added which boost the immune system. This study will have two groups of patients. The first group will receive the vaccines along with one cycle of chemotherapy. The second group will receive the vaccines without chemotherapy. Interventions: BIOLOGICAL: vaccine comprised of KLH conjugates of GD2L, GD3L, Globo H, fucosyl GM1, and N-propionylated polysialic acid plus OPT-821 adjuvant | BIOLOGICAL: Biological/Vaccine: vaccine comprised of KLH conjugates of GD2L, GD3L, Globo H, fucosyl GM1, and N-propionylated polysialic acid plus OPT-821 adjuvant.
NCT00694551	Study Title: PSMA and TARP Peptide Vaccine With Poly IC-LC Adjuvant in HLA-A2 (+) Patients With Elevated PSA After Initial Definitive Treatment. Brief Summary: Pilot Immunotherapy Study of Combination Prostate Specific Membrane Antigen (PSMA) and T-cell receptor γ alternate reading frame protein (TARP) Peptide With Poly IC-LC Adjuvant in Human Leukocyte Antigens (HLA)-A2 (+) Patients With Elevated prostatic specific antigen (PSA) After Initial Definitive Treatment. The purpose of the study is to see if the PSMA/TARP proteins in the vaccine, along with the Hiltonol, can arouse and train the immune system to kill the prostate cancer cells. Prostate cancer is the most common cancer and is the second leading cause of cancer deaths in U.S. males. It is curable when it is confined to the prostate (kept from spreading) using surgery or radiation treatments. In some patients the cancer can come back after these treatments. Treatment options for prostate cancer that comes back include procedures or medications which may have significant risks and side effects. Another plan is being looked at that uses the body's immune system to attack prostate cancer cells. A vaccine has been developed that has proteins found in prostate cancer cells. One of the proteins is called PSMA and the other is called TARP. In addition to these proteins, another substance called Poly IC-LC (Hiltonol) will be added to the vaccine to boost its ability to start the immune system. Interventions: BIOLOGICAL: Peptide Vaccine | DRUG: Poly IC-LC.
NCT05641545	Study Title: IVAC-RCC-001: A Personalized Neoantigen Vaccine as Add-on to Standard of Care Checkpoint Inhibitor in Advanced/Metastatic RCC Patients. Brief Summary: This is a monocenter, single-arm, prospective phase Ib trial, designed to evaluate the safety, clinical toxicity and in vivo immunological effects of a patient-individualized peptide vaccination added to standard of care checkpoint blockade (nivolumab) in adult patients with metastatic/advanced renal cell carcinoma who experienced at least stable disease after four cycles of standard of care immune therapy (ipilimumab/nivolumab). Interventions: BIOLOGICAL: IVAC.
NCT00977145	Study Title: Evaluating the Safety and the Biological Effects of Intratumoral Interferon Gamma and a Peptide-Based Vaccine in Patients With Melanoma. Brief Summary: The goals of this study are to evaluate 1) the safety of administration of intratumoral interferon gamma with a peptide-based vaccine, in patients with melanoma and 2) the biological effects of the vaccine. These include an examination of changes within the tumor following vaccination and the evaluation of T cell responses to the vaccine both in the blood and at the sight of tumor. Interventions: BIOLOGICAL: A combination of intratumoral IFN-gamma plus systemic vaccination with MELITAC 12.1.
NCT00292045	Study Title: Immunization With NY-ESO-1 Protein Combined With CpG 7909 in Patients With Prostate Cancer. Brief Summary: This was a Phase 1, open-label, fixed-dose study of immunization with the NY-ESO-1 protein combined with CpG 7909 as an adjuvant in patients with histopathologically confirmed, high-risk Stage D1 or advanced prostate cancer. The primary study objective was to assess the safety of NY-ESO-1 protein/CpG 7909 immunization, and the secondary objective was to evaluate the immunity induced by immunization. Interventions: BIOLOGICAL: NY-ESO-1 protein/CpG 7909.
NCT00032045	Study Title: Vaccine Therapy and Monoclonal Antibody Therapy in Treating Patients With Stage IV Melanoma. Brief Summary: RATIONALE: Vaccines made from peptides may make the body build an immune response to kill tumor cells. Monoclonal antibodies can locate tumor cells and either kill them or deliver tumor-killing substances to them without harming normal cells. Combining vaccine therapy with a monoclonal antibody may cause a stronger immune response and kill more tumor cells. PURPOSE: Phase II trial to study the effectiveness of combining vaccine therapy with monoclonal antibody therapy in treating patients who have stage IV melanoma. Interventions: BIOLOGICAL: gp100 antigen | BIOLOGICAL: incomplete Freund's adjuvant | BIOLOGICAL: ipilimumab.
NCT04969445	Study Title: The Durability of Protection Study of a Recombinant HPV 16/18 Bivalent Vaccine in Female. Brief Summary: The primary objective of this study is to evaluate the durability of protection of Recombinant Human Papillomavirus Bivalent (Types 16,18) Vaccine administered in females aged 18-45 years. Interventions: BIOLOGICAL: Recombinant Human Papillomavirus Bivalent (Types 16, 18) Vaccine (Escherichia coli).
NCT00935545	Study Title: Study of Peptide Vaccination With Tumor Associated Antigens Mixed With Montanide in Patients With CNS Tumors. Brief Summary: This is an open-label, single arm study evaluating a multi-peptide (tumor-associated antigens)/Montanide vaccine in patients \< 21 years of age with recurrent or refractory CNS tumors. The study primarily evaluates the safety of this regimen. Secondarily, immunogenicity and anti-tumor effects will be assessed. The primary aim is to evaluate the safety of subcutaneous injections of tumor associated antigens (TAA) mixed with Montanide ISA-51VG in patients with recurrent or refractory brain tumors. The secondary aims are to evaluate cellular immune responses induced in patients after subcutaneous injection of TAA mixed with Montanide ISA-51VG and to document tumor response in patients with measurable disease or time to progression in patients without measurable disease following subcutaneous injection of TAA mixed with Montanide ISA-51VG. Interventions: BIOLOGICAL: Montanide.
