NCT Number	Study Summary
NCT00086866	Study Title: Vaccine Therapy in Treating Patients With Stage III or Stage IV Melanoma That Cannot Be Removed With Surgery. Brief Summary: RATIONALE: Vaccines may make the body build an immune response to kill tumor cells. PURPOSE: This randomized phase II trial is studying two different regimens of vaccine therapy and comparing them to see how well they work in treating patients with stage III or stage IV melanoma that cannot be removed with surgery.
NCT02334865	Study Title: SVN53-67/M57-KLH Peptide Vaccine in Treating Patients With Newly Diagnosed Multiple Myeloma Receiving Lenalidomide Maintenance Therapy. Brief Summary: This phase I trial studies the safety of SVN53-67/M57-KLH peptide vaccine in incomplete Freund's adjuvant together with sargramostim in treating patients with newly diagnosed multiple myeloma who are receiving lenalidomide maintenance therapy. Vaccines made from survivin peptide may help the body build an effective immune response to kill cancer cells that express survivin. Incomplete Freund's adjuvant may help stimulate the body's immune response to a vaccine treatment. Colony-stimulating factors, such as sargramostim, may increase the production of blood cells. Lenalidomide may stop the growth of cancer cells by blocking some of the enzymes needed for cell growth. Giving SVN53-67/M57-KLH peptide vaccine in incomplete Freund's adjuvant and sargramostim before or after the start of lenalidomide maintenance therapy may be a better treatment for multiple myeloma.
NCT06243666	Study Title: Long-term Effectiveness and Immuno-persistence Study of a Recombinant HPV 16/18 Bivalent Vaccine in Preadolescent Girls. Brief Summary: The primary objective of this study is to evaluate the protective efficacy against future infections of HPV types 16/18 or related diseases and immuno-persistence (type specific IgG antibody) of the bivalent HPV vaccine in young female populations aged 9-17 years.
NCT04912765	Study Title: Neoantigen Dendritic Cell Vaccine and Nivolumab in HCC and Liver Metastases From CRC. Brief Summary: This is a single arm phase II study of adjuvant intra-dermal NA DC vaccine combined with intravenous nivolumab in patients with resectable HCC (group A) or CRLM (group B) planned for curative surgery (with/without local ablation).
NCT04968366	Study Title: Safety & Efficacy of DC Vaccine and TMZ for the Treatment of Newly-diagnosed Glioblastoma After Surgery. Brief Summary: This is a single-center, single-arm phase I study to determine the safety and preliminary efficacy of autologous dendritic cells (DCs) loaded with multiple tumor neoantigen peptides administered as a cancer-treatment vaccine to treat adult postoperative patients with newly-diagnosed glioblastoma, in combination with the standard-of-care Temozolomide (TMZ) chemotherapy.
NCT02897765	Study Title: A Personal Cancer Vaccine (NEO-PV-01) w/ Nivolumab for Patients With Melanoma, Lung Cancer or Bladder Cancer. Brief Summary: The purpose of this study is to evaluate if the treatment with NEO-PV-01 + adjuvant in combination with nivolumab is safe and useful for patients with certain types of cancer. The study also will investigate if NEO-PV-01 + adjuvant with nivolumab may represent a substantial improvement over other available therapies such as nivolumab alone. All eligible patients will receive NEO-PV-01 + adjuvant and nivolumab while on this trial.
NCT06202066	Study Title: Temozolomide and Survivin Long Peptide Vaccine (SurVaxM) for the Treatment of Patients With Progressing Metastatic Neuroendocrine Tumors. Brief Summary: This phase II trial compares the safety and effect of temozolomide combined with survivin long peptide vaccine (SurVaxM) to temozolomide alone in patients with neuroendocrine tumors (NET) that has spread from where it first started (primary site) to other places in the body (metastatic) and is growing, spreading or getting worse (progressing). Temozolomide is in a class of medications called alkylating agents. It works by damaging the cell's deoxyribonucleic acid and may kill tumor cells and slow down or stop tumor growth. Survivin, a protein, is expressed in 50% of patients that have neuroendocrine tumors and, is associated with poor outcomes. SVN53-67/M57-KLH peptide vaccine (SurVaxM) is a vaccine that has been shown to produce an immune system response against cancer cells that express a survivin and may block the growth of new tumor cells. Giving temozolomide with SurVaxM may kill more tumor cells in patients with progressing metastatic neuroendocrine tumors.
NCT00203866	Study Title: Trial of G250 Peptide and IL-2 Following Surgical Resection of Locally Advanced/Metastatic Renal Cell Carcinoma. Brief Summary: The purpose of this study is to determine whether the experimental vaccine G250 with or without IL-2 can produce an immune response in patients with renal cell carcinoma who have had all their cancer removed by surgery.
NCT01505166	Study Title: Randomized Phase II Adjuvant Chemotherapy ± FANG in Colorectal Carcinoma With Liver Metastases. Brief Summary: Preliminary studies with a variety of vaccines suggest target accessibility (potential immunogenicity) in a variety of solid tumors to immune directed approaches. In an effort to overcome limitations of immunostimulatory cancer vaccines, Gradalis has designed a novel autologous vaccine to address inability to fully identify cancer associated antigens, antigen recognition by the immune system (i.e. antigen--\>immunogen), effector potency, and cancer-induced resistance. In an effort to overcome limitations of immunostimulatory cancer vaccines, we designed a novel dual-modulatory autologous whole cell vaccine, Vigil, incorporating the rhGMCSF transgene and the bifunctional shRNAfurin (to block proprotein conversion to active TGFb1 and b2) to 1) address the inability to fully identify cancer associated antigens, 2) effect antigen recognition by the immune system, 3) enhance effector potency, and 4) subvert endogenous cancer-induced immune resistance. We have also completed the Phase I assessment of Vigil vaccine in 30 advanced solid tumor patients (1.0 x 10\^7 cells/injection/month for a maximum of 12 vaccinations) who have not experienced any significant adverse effects following 144 vaccinations, including 6 patients with colorectal carcinoma. Plasmid functionality, immune biomarker response, and preliminary evidence of anticancer activity have been observed. This is a two-part Phase II study of the Vigil autologous vaccine. Six patients will be enrolled into the Part 1 of the study to receive intradermal autologous Vigil cancer vaccine (1.0 x 10\^7 cells/injection; maximum of 12 vaccinations). Part 2 of the study will be a randomized Phase II study of sandwich or adjuvant chemotherapy and intradermal autologous Vigil cancer vaccine (1.0 x 10\^7 cells/injection; maximum of 12 vaccinations) versus sandwich or adjuvant chemotherapy and placebo in patients with colorectal carcinoma with either synchronous or metachronous liver metastases (CLM +/= pulmonary metastases) following resection +/= ablation with curative intent.Sandwich therapy indicates a combination of both pre-operative and postoperative chemotherapy as opposed to neo-adjuvant (all chemotherapy prior to surgery) or adjuvant (all chemotherapy following surgery) therapy. A minimum harvest aliquot to produce 4 monthly injections will be required for entry into the study. Patients in whom insufficient tissue (\<4 doses) is collected or whose vaccine fails manufacturing release criteria will not receive vaccine.
NCT06026774	Study Title: Clinical Study of Personalized mRNA Vaccine Encoding Neoantigen in Subjects With Resected Digestive System Neoplasms. Brief Summary: The purpose of this study is to assess the safety, feasibility, and efficacy of personalized mRNA vaccine iNeo-Vac-R01 with standard adjuvant therapy in subjects with surgically resected digestive system neoplasms.
NCT03673020	Study Title: Phase 1a Study to Evaluate Immunogenicity of ASV. Brief Summary: This is an open-label Phase 1a First-in-Human Study to determine Safety and Tolerability of ASV AGEN2017 with QS-21 Stimulon Adjuvant as a Single Agent in Subjects With Tumors at Risk of Relapse Undergoing Observation as Standard of Care Following Complete Surgical Resection.
NCT00007826	Study Title: Monoclonal Antibody Therapy and/or Vaccine Therapy in Treating Patients With Locally Advanced or Metastatic Colorectal Cancer. Brief Summary: RATIONALE: Monoclonal antibodies can locate tumor cells and either kill them or deliver tumor-killing substances to them without harming normal cells. Vaccines made from cancer cells may make the body build an immune response to kill colorectal tumor cells. PURPOSE: Phase I/II trial to study the effectiveness of monoclonal antibody therapy and/or vaccine therapy in treating patients who have locally advanced or metastatic colorectal cancer.
NCT00058526	Study Title: A Dose-escalation Vaccine Trial in HER2-overexpressing Patients With High-risk Breast Cancer. Brief Summary: Treatment phase: The purpose of this study is to evaluate the safety and the immune response elicited by a new anti-cancer therapy in patients with breast cancer in remission but who are at high risk of relapse. The study product is an immunotherapeutic consisting of the recombinant dHER2 protein combined with an immunostimulant called AS15. The study aims to determine the optimal of three different dose levels of dHER2 combined with the same fixed dose of AS15 by assessing the safety and the immune response elicited after a series of injections of the study product. Five-year follow-up phase: This part of the study aims to assess any late onset toxicity of the study treatment through yearly follow-up visits and to monitor the patients' survival and disease status up to five years after the last administration of the study treatment. The patients' immune response is also measured to assess the robustness of the immune response elicited by the study treatment.
NCT00559026	Study Title: Phase I/II Study of Chemo-Immunotherapy Combination in Melanoma Patients. Brief Summary: This phase I/II study is directed at evaluating safety and immunogenicity of a melanoma peptide vaccine in combination or not with Dacarbazine administration in melanoma patients.
NCT02818426	Study Title: Universal Cancer Peptide-based Vaccination in Metastatic NSCLC. Brief Summary: UCPVAx is a therapeutic vaccine based on the telomerase-derived UCP designed to induce strong TH1 CD4 T cell responses in cancer patients. Three doses of UCPVax (0,25 mg, 0,5 mg and 1 mg) will be tested in this phase I/II study by using Continuous Reassessment Method (CRML) dose escalation design model. The phase I is a dose escalation study designed to evaluate safety of use of UCPVax and to estimate its Maximum Tolerated Dose (MTD). The phase II is a dose deescalation designed to evaluate the immunogenicity of UCPVax according to the dose level.
NCT05672966	Study Title: Phase I Clinical Trial of a Candidate HPV Vaccine. Brief Summary: This is a Phase I, first-in-human, randomized, observer-blinded, placebo-controlled, dose escalation study to evaluate the safety, tolerability, and immunogenicity of BV601 (a HPV Vaccine) in healthy adult volunteers.
NCT05456165	Study Title: Study of an Individualized Vaccine Targeting Neoantigens in Combination With Immune Checkpoint Blockade for Patients With Colon Cancer. Brief Summary: The primary objective is to assess and characterize the antitumor activity and safety and tolerability of adjuvant treatment with an individualized neoantigen vaccine called GRT-C901/GRT-R902 (chimpanzee adenovirus \[ChAd\] and self-amplifying messenger RNA \[samRNA\] vectors), in combination with checkpoint inhibitors. Antitumor activity will be based on molecular response in patients with colon cancer who have circulating tumor deoxyribonucleic acid (ctDNA) following surgical resection.
NCT00616720	Study Title: Interferon-gamma or Aldesleukin and Vaccine Therapy in Treating Patients With Multiple Myeloma. Brief Summary: RATIONALE: Biological therapies, such as interferon-gamma and aldesleukin, may stimulate the immune system in different ways and stop cancer cells from growing. Vaccines made from a person's white blood cells may help the body build an effective immune response to kill cancer cells. Giving biological therapy together with vaccine therapy may kill more cancer cells. PURPOSE: This randomized phase II trial is studying how well giving aldesleukin or interferon gamma together with vaccine therapy works in treating patients with multiple myeloma.
NCT04180774	Study Title: Safety and Efficacy of Tag-7 Gene-modified Vaccine in Locally Advanced or Metastatic Malignant Melanoma or Kidney Cancer. Brief Summary: This study was designed to assess the safety and efficacy of inactivated tumor cells genetically modified with the TAG-7 gene as immunotherapy for cancer. Patients with melanoma or kidney cancer were included since they have immune-dependent tumors. Treatment was done in the adjuvant setting after complete cytoreduction of locally advanced or metastatic disease or in the therapeutic setting in patients where complete cytoreduction was impossible.
NCT03645148	"Study Title: Clinical Study of a Personalized Neoantigen Cancer Vaccine in Treating Patients With Advanced Pancreatic Cancer. Brief Summary: This research study is evaluating a new type of pancreatic cancer vaccine called ""Personalized Neoantigen Cancer Vaccine"" as a possible treatment for advanced pancreatic cancer. The purpose of the clinical study is evaluating the safety, tolerability and partial efficacy of the personalized neoantigen cancer vaccine in the treatment of Chinese patients with advanced pancreatic cancer, so as to provide a new personalized therapeutic strategy for advanced pancreatic cancer patients. It is known that cancer patients have mutations (changes in genetic material) that are specific to an individual patient and tumor. These mutations can cause the tumor cells to produce proteins that appear very different from the body's own cells. It is possible that these proteins used in a vaccine may induce strong immune responses, which may help the participant's body fight any tumor cells that could cause the cancer to come back in the future. The study will examine the safety of the vaccine when given at several different time points and will examine the participant's blood cells for signs that the vaccine induced an immune response."
NCT02944357	Study Title: Gemcitabine Hydrochloride, Cisplatin, and AGS-003-BLD in Treating Patients With Muscle-Invasive Bladder Cancer Undergoing Surgery. Brief Summary: This pilot clinical trial studies how well gemcitabine hydrochloride, cisplatin, and AGS-003-BLD work in treating patients with bladder cancer that has spread to the muscle and who are undergoing surgery. Drugs used in chemotherapy, such as gemcitabine hydrochloride and cisplatin, work in different ways to stop the growth of tumor cells, either by killing the cells, by stopping them from dividing, or by stopping them from spreading. Vaccines made from a person's tumor cells may help the body build an effective immune response to kill tumor cells. Giving gemcitabine hydrochloride, cisplatin, and AGS-003-BLD before surgery may make the tumor smaller and reduce the amount of tissue that needs to be removed by surgery.
NCT00079157	Study Title: Vaccine Plus Montanide ISA-51 and Sargramostim in Treating Patients With Stage IV Breast Cancer. Brief Summary: RATIONALE: Vaccines may make the body build an immune response to kill tumor cells. Giving a vaccine with Montanide ISA-51 and sargramostim may cause a stronger immune response and kill more tumor cells. PURPOSE: This phase I trial is studying the side effects and best dose of vaccine therapy when given together with Montanide ISA-51 and sargramostim in treating patients with stage IV breast cancer.
NCT02151448	Study Title: αDC1 Vaccine + Chemokine Modulatory Regimen (CKM) as Adjuvant Treatment of Peritoneal Surface Malignancies. Brief Summary: This trial is to determine the safest dose of a triple combination (chemokine modulatory regimen or CKM) of celecoxib, interferon alfa (IFN), and rintatolimod that can be given with a DC vaccine as treatment of peritoneal surface malignancies after standard of care surgery. The first phase of this study will determine the safest dose of IFN that can be given in combination with celecoxib and rintatolimod along with a DC vaccine. The doses of celecoxib (400 mg) and rintatolimod (200 mg) will be consistent while the dose of IFN will be increased (5, 10, or 20 MU/m2) as participants are enrolled to the trial. The high dose of IFN in combination with celecoxib and rintatolimod will be used for the next phase of the clinical trial. After surgery, participants will receive 2 cycles of the investigational treatment. The second phase of this study will test if the investigational treatment has any effects on peritoneal surface malignancies. The doses of the combination determined in the first phase will be used in this phase of the clinical trial. After surgery, participants will receive 2 cycles of the investigational treatment, followed by standard chemotherapy as determined by their oncologist, and then 2 more cycles of the investigational treatment.
NCT02455557	Study Title: SurVaxM Vaccine Therapy and Temozolomide in Treating Patients With Newly Diagnosed Glioblastoma. Brief Summary: This phase II trial studies the side effects and how well vaccine therapy works when given together with temozolomide in treating patients with newly diagnosed glioblastoma. Vaccines made from the survivin peptide or antigen may help the body build an effective immune response to kill tumor cells that express survivin. Drugs used in chemotherapy, such as temozolomide, work in different ways to stop the growth of tumor cells, either by killing the cells, by stopping them from dividing, or by stopping them from spreading. It is not yet known whether temozolomide is more effective with or without vaccine therapy in treating glioblastoma.
NCT02649582	Study Title: Adjuvant Dendritic Cell-immunotherapy Plus Temozolomide in Glioblastoma Patients. Brief Summary: In this phase I/II trial, the primary objective is to determine overall and progression-free survival of patients with newly diagnosed glioblastoma when autologous Wilms' tumor 1 (WT1) messenger (m)RNA-loaded dendritic cell (DC) vaccination is added to adjuvant temozolomide maintenance treatment following (sub)total resection and temozolomide-based chemoradiation.
NCT00118274	Study Title: Vaccine Therapy With or Without Cyclophosphamide in Treating Patients Who Have Undergone Surgery for Stage II, Stage III, or Stage IV Melanoma. Brief Summary: RATIONALE: Vaccines made from peptides may help the body build an effective immune response to kill tumor cells. Drugs used in chemotherapy, such as cyclophosphamide, work in different ways to stop the growth of tumor cells, either by killing the cells or by stopping them from dividing. Cyclophosphamide may also stimulate the immune system in different ways and stop tumor cells from growing. Giving vaccine therapy together with cyclophosphamide after surgery may cause a stronger immune response to kill any remaining tumor cells. It may also prevent or delay the recurrence of melanoma. PURPOSE: This randomized phase I/II trial is studying the side effects of vaccine therapy when given with or without cyclophosphamide and to see how well they work in treating patients who have undergone surgery for stage II, stage III, or stage IV melanoma.
NCT00003274	Study Title: Vaccine Therapy in Treating Patients With Stage II Melanoma That Can Be Removed by Surgery. Brief Summary: RATIONALE: Vaccines may make the body build an immune response to kill tumor cells. It is not yet known what preparation of vaccine therapy is most effective for treating melanoma. PURPOSE: Randomized phase II trial to study the effectiveness of tyrosinase/gp100 peptide vaccine in treating patients who have stage II melanoma that can be removed by surgery.
NCT00597272	Study Title: Determine Toxicity and Antibody Responses With a KLH Conjugated Bivalent Vaccine Containing GD2 Lactone, GD3 Lactone With Immunological Adjuvant QS-DG or OPT-821 in Patients With Disease Free AJCC Stage III or IV Cutaneous Melanoma. Brief Summary: Vaccines contain substances that help us make antibodies. Different antibodies help protect us against a variety of harmful things. GD2 and GD3 gangliosides are substances found on the surface of most melanoma cells. They are also occasionally found on some normal cells. Large quantities of antibodies called monoclonal antibodies have been prepared in the laboratory against GD2 and GD3 and given to patients with metastatic melanoma. In about 10% of cases this has resulted in clinically relevant regression of melanomas. These monoclonal antibodies are not currently available or used in the clinic but studies in the laboratory indicate that vaccines against GD2 and GD3 can be as effective as monoclonal antibodies. In this trial we wish to raise the level of antibodies in your blood against GD2 and GD3. We will vaccinate you with the modified forms of GD2 called GD2 lactone and GD3 called GD3 lactone (GD3L), all attached to the antibody booster KLH, and mixed with the immune booster (immunologic adjuvant) QS-DG. While over a thousand patients have received vaccines with QS-21, the QS-DG used here is synthesized for the first time at MSKCC and is referred to as QS-DG rather than QS-21 which is purified from tree bark. QS-21 and QS-DG are, to the best of our knowledge chemically identical. It is unknown if using this bivalent vaccine will raise the level of antibodies in your blood to either ganglioside. It is unknown if raising the level of antibodies in your blood will lower your risk of relapse. This study will check your blood for production of antibodies, and check you for side effects.
NCT01265901	Study Title: IMA901 in Patients Receiving Sunitinib for Advanced/Metastatic Renal Cell Carcinoma. Brief Summary: The primary objective of the phase III study is to investigate whether IMA901 can prolong overall survival in patients with metastatic and/or locally advanced renal cell carcinoma (RCC) when added to standard first-line therapy with sunitinib. Secondary objectives include a subgroup analysis of overall survival in patients defined by a certain biomarker signature, the investigation of progression-free survival, best tumor response, safety, and immunological parameters.
NCT02270372	Study Title: Study of ONT-10 and Varlilumab to Treat Advanced Ovarian or Breast Cancer. Brief Summary: This is a two-part Phase 1b, open-label study of ONT 10 administered in combination with varlilumab. Two different doses of varlilumab will be studied in combination with the single agent recommended dose of ONT 10. Intermediate and/or lower doses of varlilumab or ONT-10 may also be studied at the recommendation of the safety monitoring committee (SMC).
NCT05685004	Study Title: Study of Neoantigen-specific Adoptive T Cell Therapy for Newly Diagnosed MGMT Negative Glioblastoma Multiforme (GBM). Brief Summary: This randomized study is designed to compare the combination of TVI-Brain-1 immunotherapy and standard therapy compared to standard therapy alone as a treatment for newly diagnosed MGMT unmethylated glioblastoma patients. The patients' own cancer cells collected after surgery are combined into a vaccine to produce an immune response that significantly increases the number of cancer neoantigen-specific effector T cell precursors in the patient's body. These cancer neoantigen-specific T cells are harvested from the blood, subsequently stimulated and expanded, and infused back into the patient.
NCT00705640	Study Title: Vaccine Therapy in Treating Patients With Advanced Melanoma. Brief Summary: RATIONALE: Vaccine therapy may help the body build an effective immune response to kill tumor cells. PURPOSE: This randomized clinical trial is studying how well vaccine therapy works in treating patients with advanced melanoma.
NCT00079144	Study Title: Lymphocyte-Depleting Nonmyeloablative Preparative Chemotherapy Followed By Autologous Lymphocyte Infusion, Peptide Vaccine Plus Montanide ISA-51, and Interleukin-2 in Treating Patients With Metastatic Melanoma. Brief Summary: RATIONALE: Drugs used in chemotherapy, such as cyclophosphamide and fludarabine, work in different ways to stop tumor cells from dividing so they stop growing or die. Treating a person's lymphocytes in the laboratory and reinfusing them may replace immune cells destroyed by chemotherapy. Vaccines made from peptides may make the body build an immune response to kill tumor cells. Giving a vaccine with Montanide ISA-51 may cause a stronger immune response and kill more tumor cells. Interleukin-2 may stimulate a person's lymphocytes to kill tumor cells. PURPOSE: This phase II trial is studying how well lymphocyte-depleting nonmyeloablative (not damaging to bone marrow) chemotherapy followed by autologous lymphocyte infusion, peptide vaccine plus Montanide ISA-51, and interleukin-2 works in treating patients with metastatic melanoma.
NCT00002767	Study Title: Interferon Alfa With or Without Vaccine Therapy in Treating Patients With Metastatic Melanoma. Brief Summary: RATIONALE: Interferon alfa may interfere with the growth of cancer cells.Vaccines may make the body build an immune response to kill tumor cells. It is not yet known whether melanoma vaccine plus interferon alfa is more effective than interferon alfa alone in treating patients with metastatic melanoma. PURPOSE: Randomized phase III trial to compare the effectiveness of interferon alfa with or without vaccine therapy in treating patients with metastatic melanoma.
NCT01949701	Study Title: Safety and Efficacy Study of Epitope Peptide To Treat HLA-A*02 Disease Controlled Advanced Non-small Cell Lung Cancer. Brief Summary: The investigators previously identified a novel HLA-A\*0201-restricted epitope peptide, which was derived from a cancer-testis antigen, URLC10 as a target for vaccination against lung cancer. In this clinical study, the investigators examine using the peptides the safety, immunogenicity, and antitumor effect of vaccine treatment to prevent relapse of the disease for HLA-A\*0201-positive advanced non-small cell lung cancer patients whose disease are controlled after any standard therapies.
NCT01989572	Study Title: Sargramostim, Vaccine Therapy, or Sargramostim and Vaccine Therapy in Preventing Disease Recurrence in Patients With Melanoma That Has Been Removed By Surgery. Brief Summary: This randomized phase III trial studies sargramostim or vaccine therapy alone to see how well they work compared to sargramostim and vaccine therapy together in preventing disease recurrence in patients with melanoma that has been removed by surgery. Sargramostim may stimulate the immune system in different ways and stop tumor cells from growing. Vaccines made from peptides may help the body build an effective immune response to kill tumor cells. It is not yet known whether yeast derived sargramostim and vaccine therapy are more effective alone or together in preventing recurrence of melanoma.
NCT03199872	Study Title: RV001V, a RhoC Anticancer Vaccine, Against Metastasis From Solid Tumours. Brief Summary: The study will evaluate safety and immunological response to RhoC peptide vaccine in patients with prostate cancer.
NCT00633204	Study Title: Peptide Vaccine Focusing on Prevention of the Recurrence for Bladder Cancer. Brief Summary: The purpose of this study is to evaluate the clinical efficacy for the prevention of the recurrence for bladder cancer after TUR-Bt.
NCT02054104	Study Title: Adjuvant Tumor Lysate Vaccine and Iscomatrix With or Without Metronomic Oral Cyclophosphamide and Celecoxib in Patients With Malignancies Involving Lungs, Esophagus, Pleura, or Mediastinum. Brief Summary: Background: During recent years, cancer-testis (CT) antigens (CTA), particularly those encoded by genes on the X chromosome (CT-X genes), have emerged as attractive targets for cancer immunotherapy. Whereas malignancies of diverse histologies express a variety of CTAs, immune responses to these proteins appear uncommon in cancer patients, possibly due to low-level, heterogeneous antigen expression, as well as immunosuppressive regulatory T cells present within tumor sites and systemic circulation of these individuals. Conceivably, vaccination of cancer patients with tumor cells expressing high levels of CTAs in combination with regimens that deplete or inhibit T regulatory cells will induce broad immunity to these antigens. In order to examine this issue, patients with primary lung and esophageal cancers, pleural mesotheliomas, thoracic sarcomas, thymic neoplasms and mediastinal germ cell tumors, as well as sarcomas, melanomas, germ cell tumors, or epithelial malignancies metastatic to lungs, pleura or mediastinum with no evidence of disease (NED) or minimal residual disease (MRD) following standard multidisciplinary therapy will be vaccinated with H1299 tumor cell lysates with Iscomatrix adjuvant. Vaccines will be administered with or without metronomic oral cyclophosphamide (50 mg by mouth (PO) twice a day (BID) x 7day (d) every (q) 14d), and celecoxib (400 mg PO BID). Serologic responses to a variety of recombinant CTAs as well as immunologic responses to autologous tumor or epigenetically modified autologous Epstein-Barr virus (EBV) transformed lymphocytes will be assessed before and after a six month vaccination period. Primary Objectives: 1. To assess the frequency of immunologic responses to CTAs in patients with thoracic malignancies following vaccinations with H1299 cell lysate/Iscomatrix(TM) vaccines alone in comparison to patients with thoracic malignancies following vaccinations with H1299 cell lysate/Iscomatrix vaccines in combination with metronomic cyclophosphamide and celecoxib. Secondary Objectives: 1. To examine if oral metronomic cyclophosphamide and celecoxib therapy diminishes the number and percentage of T regulatory cells and diminishes activity of these cells in patients with thoracic malignancies are at risk of recurrence. 2. To examine if H1299 cell lysate/Iscomatrix(TM) vaccination enhances immunologic response to autologous tumor or epigenetically modified autologous EBV-transformed lymphocytes (B cells). Eligibility: * Patients with histologically or cytologically proven small cell or non-small cell lung cancer (SCLC;NSCLC), esophageal cancer (EsC), malignant pleural mesothelioma (MPM), thymic or mediastinal germ cell tumors, thoracic sarcomas, or melanomas, sarcomas, or epithelial malignancies metastatic to lungs, pleura or mediastinum who have no clinical evidence of active disease (NED), or minimal residual disease (MRD) not readily accessible by non-invasive biopsy or resection/radiation following standard therapy completed within the past 26 weeks. * Patients must be 18 years or older with an Eastern Cooperative Oncology Group (ECOG) performance status of 0 - 2. * Patients must have adequate bone marrow, kidney, liver, lung and cardiac function. * Patients may not be on systemic immunosuppressive medications at time vaccinations commence. Design: * Following recovery from surgery, chemotherapy, or chemo/radiotherapy (XRT), patients with NED or MRD will be vaccinated via IM injection with H1299 cell lysates and Iscomatrix(TM) adjuvant monthly for 6 months. * Vaccines will be administered with or without with metronomic oral cyclophosphamide and celecoxib. * Systemic toxicities and immunologic response to therapy will be recorded. Pre and post vaccination serologic and cell mediated responses to a standard panel of CT antigens as well as autologous tumor cells (if available) and EBV-transformed lymphocytes will be assessed before and after vaccination. * Numbers/percentages and function of T regulatory cells in peripheral blood will be assessed before, during, and after vaccinations. * Patients will be followed in the clinic with routine staging scans until disease recurrence. * The trial will randomize 28 evaluable patients per arm to either receive vaccine alone or vaccine plus chemotherapy in order to have 80% power to determine if the frequency of immune responses on the combination arm exceeds that of the vaccine alone arm, if the expected frequencies of immune responses on the two arms were 20% and 50%, using a one-sided 0.10 alpha level Fisher's exact test. * Approximately 60 patients will be accrued to this trial.
NCT03935204	Study Title: Immunogenicity Study of Recombinant Human Papillomavirus Vaccine(6,11,16,18,31,33,45,52,58 Type)(E.Coli). Brief Summary: This phase II clinical study was designed to evaluate the immunogenicity and safety of Recombinant Human Papillomavirus Vaccine (6,11,16,18,31,33,45,52,58 Type)(E.Coli)(hereafter called HPV vaccine), manufactured by Xiamen Innovax Biotech CO., LTD., in healthy adults aged 18-45 years old.
NCT00952692	Study Title: Study to Assess dHER2+AS15 Cancer Vaccine Given in Combination With Lapatinib to Patients With Metastatic Breast Cancer. Brief Summary: This is a phase I/II study to determine the safety and gain insight into the immune response of the immunologic agent dHER2+AS15 ASCI when administered in combination with lapatinib. This study is for patients with metastatic breast cancer (invasive breast cancer with stage IV disease) that overexpresses HER2 and is resistant to trastuzumab (Herceptin). The dHER2 + AS15 candidate Antigen-Specific Cancer Immunotherapeutic (ASCI) contains a recombinant protein termed dHER2, which is a truncated version of the HER2 protein. HER2 is a protein that is commonly overexpressed in breast cancer. This protein is combined with the immunological adjuvant AS15 Adjuvant System from GSK (GlaxoSmithKline), which is a liposomal formulation containing three immunostimulatory components. Lapatinib is FDA approved for use in combination with capecitabine for the treatment of subjects with advanced or metastatic breast cancer whose tumors overexpress HER2.
NCT02772094	"Study Title: Dendritic Cell-Based Tumor Vaccine Adjuvant Immunotherapy of Human Glioblastoma Multiforme (WHO Grade IV Gliomas). Brief Summary: Purposes: The purpose of this phase-II clinical trial is to determine whether or not ADCTA-G, a biologic ""vaccine"" preparation of patient's own dendritic cell (DC) for glioblastoma multiforme (GBM) treatment, is safe and effective in extending the GBM patient's life. The current conventional multi-modal regimen that may include surgery for tumor resection or biopsy, temozolomide (TMZ) combined chemo-radiotherapy (CCRT) and TMZ adjuvant chemotherapy almost always leaves residual GBM cells to cause fatal recurrence, leading to medium survival period of 8 -15 months and over-all survival rates of about 30% in 2 years and \<3% in 5 years after diagnosis/surgery. Thus, in neurosurgical oncology practice, GBM patients in the first 2-year period during and after receiving multi-modal therapy are watched closely for possible GBM tumor recurrence and mortal disease relapse and immediately given palliative treatments and health care, until death. In this phase-II trial, GBM patient participants who receive ADCTA-G ""vaccine"" adjuvant immunotherapy (added to the conventional multi-modal regimen) will be similarly watched closely by treatments and health care visits at least biweekly from the date of surgery/diagnosis to 24 months, and if alive followed by weekly phone calls and scheduled health care visits at least once every 3 months, up to 72 months after surgery. In the trial protocol, ADCT-G in 10 doses is administered after surgery, over a period of 6 or 8 months, as an adjuvant immunotherapy of the conventional multimodal regimen. Individual ADCTA-G ""vaccine"" lot of every participant GBM patient is manufactured from patient's own monocyte-derived dendritic cells and the patient's own tumor cell antigens, both of which are prepared by a distinct method of procedures performed within air particle-free barrier good laboratory practice (GLP) facility. Previous phase I/II clinical trial of ADCTA-G ""vaccine"" immunotherapy administered as an adjuvant to the conventional multimodal regimen, has obtained promising safety and efficacy results for GBM patients in a clinical center. This phase-II clinical trial in China Medical University Hospital-Taichung will employ essentially the same clinical protocols and the same distinct ""vaccine"" manufacturing method of standard operational procedures (SOP), that is, the conventional multimodal regimen plus adjuvant immunotherapy using personal ADCTA-G ""vaccine"" lot for every GBM patient participants."
NCT00911560	"Study Title: Bivalent Vaccine With Escalating Doses of the Immunological Adjuvant OPT-821, in Combination With Oral β-glucan for High-Risk Neuroblastoma. Brief Summary: In the first part of this study we found the highest dose of the vaccine that did not have too many side effects. We are now trying to find out what effects the vaccine has when given at the same dose to all patients. The main treatment in this protocol is a vaccine. It is called a "" bivalent vaccine"" which means it has 2 antigens. An antigen is a specific protein on the surface of a cell. The antigens are called GD2L and GD3L. We want the vaccine to cause the patient's immune system to make antibodies against the antigens. Antibodies are made by the body to attack cancer (and to fight infections). If the patient can make antibodies against the 2 antigens in the vaccine, those antibodies might also attach to neuroblastoma cells because a lot of each antigen is on neuroblastoma (and very little on other parts of the body). Then, the attached antibodies would attract the patient's white blood cells to kill the neuroblastoma. This protocol also uses β-glucan which is a kind of sugar from yeast. β-glucan is taken by mouth and can help white blood cells kill cancer. The best way to get the body to make antibodies against the 2 antigens is to link each antigen to a protein called KLH (which stands for: keyhole limpet hemocyanin) and to mix them with a substance called QS-21. But it is hard to get enough QS-21 so we are using an identical substance called OPT-821, which we can get easily in large amounts for use in patients."
NCT04157127	Study Title: Th-1 Dendritic Cell Immunotherapy Plus Standard Chemotherapy for Pancreatic Adenocarcinoma. Brief Summary: This is a phase 1, first in man, dose escalation study for safety and feasibility for administration of 3 doses of DC vaccine for pancreatic adenocarcinoma.
NCT02593227	Study Title: Folate Receptor Alpha Peptide Vaccine With GM-CSF in Patients With Triple Negative Breast Cancer. Brief Summary: This Phase II trial evaluates the safety and immunogenicity of two doses of the Folate Receptor Alpha (FRα) peptide vaccine mixed with GM-CSF as a vaccine adjuvant, with or without a immune priming with cyclophosphamide, as a consolidation therapy after neoadjuvant or adjuvant treatment of patients with Stage IIb-III triple negative breast cancer (TNBC).
NCT01264731	Study Title: Combination Therapy of Topical Imiquimod Plus Multipeptide Vaccination for Cutaneous Metastases of Melanoma. Brief Summary: The purpose of the study is to determine 1) the safety of administration of topical 5% imiquimod cream with or without administration of a peptide-based vaccine in patients with cutaneous metastases of melanoma and 2) evaluate whether topical imiquimod at sites of melanoma metastasis, with or without vaccine, increases a) endothelial expression of E-selectin and b) T cell infiltration.
NCT04936529	Study Title: A Study of a Vaccine in Combination With β-glucan and GM-CSF in People With Neuroblastoma. Brief Summary: The purpose of the study is to explore the combination of a bivalent vaccine, a sugar called beta-glucan (β-glucan), and a protein called granulocyte-macrophage colony stimulating factor (GM-CSF) as an effective treatment for people with high-risk neuroblastoma that is in complete remission. The combination may be effective because the different parts of the treatment work to strengthen the immune system's response against cancer cells in different ways.
NCT01261962	Study Title: Modulation of Immune Response by Oral Zinc Supplementation in Chemotherapy for Colon Cancer. Brief Summary: In leukocytes of patients undergoing adjuvant chemotherapy for colon cancer treatment: a)identify genes modulated by oral supplementation of zinc; b) evaluate the effects of oral zinc supplementation on humoral immunity and neutrophil function. The study will be conducted on 30 adult patients aged grater than 18 years, of both genders who have undergone surgical resection of colonic neoplastic lesions without metastatic lesion. Patients will be randomized into two groups, with the first (Group QT Zn, n = 15) receive 70 mg/d of zinc for 16 weeks and the second will receive placebo (QT Placebo Group, n = 15). The study will also include 30 healthy volunteers who receive supplementation of 70 mg/d of Zn (C Zn group, n = 15) or placebo (Group C Placebo, n = 15). Zinc supplementation or placebo for all study groups will start two days before the volunteers received the pneumococcal vaccine, polyvalent 23. Fifteen days after vaccination, patients begin chemotherapy as pre-established criteria by the Oncology Service. Will be monitored the parameters of nutritional status (anthropometry, bioelectrical impedance, food intake, and laboratory tests) adverse effects, according to rules of the CTCAE. In the evaluation of humoral immunity, antibodies opsonization and in the pneumococcal polysaccharide will be measured. Will be evaluated the function of neutrophils by measuring DNA NETs and quantified calprotectin and elastase released in the culture supernatants of activated neutrophils. RT-qPCR will be done of genes differentially expressed(DEGS) on activated leukocytes. In six volunteers from each group will be analyzed global gene expression from RNA extracted from leukocytes by microarray; will be detected and correlated the molecular pathways modulated by zinc by MetaCore software (GeneGo). The DEGS will be validated by RT-qPCR.
NCT05163080	Study Title: SurVaxM Plus Adjuvant Temozolomide for Newly Diagnosed Glioblastoma (SURVIVE). Brief Summary: The main purpose of this study is to determine whether adding SurVaxM to standard-of-care temozolomide chemotherapy is better than temozolomide treatment alone for patients with newly diagnosed glioblastoma. This study is designed to compare the length of survival in patients with newly diagnosed glioblastoma who receive temozolomide plus SurVaxM to that of patients treated with standard-of-care temozolomide plus placebo. This study aims to discover what effects, both good and bad, this combination of drugs may have on you and to see if the study drug (SurVaxM) can create an immune response in your blood that is directed against your cancer cells. This study also aims to determine whether treatment with SurVaxM plus temozolomide improves the survival of glioblastoma patients like yourself compared to treatment with temozolomide alone.
NCT03162562	Study Title: The Safety and Antitumor Activity of the Combination of Oregovomab and Hiltonol in Recurrent Advanced Ovarian Cancer. Brief Summary: This is a Phase Ib study to look at the combination of an antibody immunization vaccine strategy using oregovomab and an investigational stage immune booster (poly ICLC / Hiltonol), both of which have previously been used in combination with other cancer treatments and demonstrated to be active in advanced cancer, but which have not previously been used together. This study will assess the approach as to whether these two drugs can safely add to the response seen with either drug alone, both of which have doses that are based on prior studies. Subjects with stable disease for whom a 12 week break from therapy for their persistent and progressive advanced ovarian cancer is appropriate, who have signed informed consent and for whom baseline clinical information is completed, will receive 4 cycles of oregovomab/Hiltonol immunization every three weeks (weeks 0, 3, 6, and 9). Blood will be obtained for to look for a CA125 specific T cell response at 12 weeks before initiating any additional therapy according to the best clinical judgment of the investigator. At week 16 the subjects will receive a final dose of the combination of oregovomab/Hiltonol and at week 17 will have an additional blood draw for analysis of T-cell response.
NCT02919644	Study Title: Vaccination With Autologous Dendritic Cells Loaded With Autologous Tumour Homogenate After Curative Resection for Stage IV Colorectal Cancer. Brief Summary: Single-arm, monocentric trial to assess safety and immunological efficacy of adjuvant vaccination with autologous dendritic cells loaded with autologous tumour homogenate after curative resection for stage IV colorectal cancer.
NCT01248273	"Study Title: Unimolecular Pentavalent (Globo-H-GM2-sTn-TF-Tn) Immunization of Patients With Epithelial Ovarian, Fallopian Tube, or Peritoneal Cancer in First Remission. Brief Summary: The purpose of this study is to 1) test the safety of the vaccine to find out what effects, good and/or bad, it has, and 2) to find out if the vaccine stimulates the immune system. The vaccine in this study will contain several parts. The first part is called an antigen. These antigens or ""fingerprints"" are found on many cancer cells, especially from the ovaries, fallopian tubes, or peritoneal cavity (inside lining of the abdomen) The purpose of this study is to see if investigators can help the immune system to recognize that cancer cells are not normal and should be removed."
NCT02451982	Study Title: Platform Study of Neoadjuvant and Adjuvant Immunotherapy for Patients With Resectable Adenocarcinoma of the Pancreas. Brief Summary: This platform trial will evaluate various immunotherapy combinations given in the neo-adjuvant and adjuvant setting in patients with surgically resectable pancreatic ductal adenocarcinoma.
NCT00091273	Study Title: Vaccine Therapy in Treating Patients With Ovarian Epithelial or Primary Peritoneal Cancer. Brief Summary: RATIONALE: Vaccines made from peptides may make the body build an immune response to kill tumor cells. PURPOSE: This phase I trial is studying the side effects of vaccine therapy in treating patients with ovarian epithelial or primary peritoneal cancer.
NCT01245673	"Study Title: Combination Immunotherapy and Autologous Stem Cell Transplantation for Myeloma. Brief Summary: One purpose of this study is to find out if a new combination of immune system treatments (MAGE-A3 vaccine plus activated T-cells) will allow the body to build up protection (""immunity"") against the myeloma cells. A second purpose is to find out how well this combination of immune system treatments is able to control the myeloma."
NCT03767582	Study Title: Trial of Neoadjuvant and Adjuvant Nivolumab and BMS-813160 With or Without GVAX for Locally Advanced Pancreatic Ductal Adenocarcinomas. Brief Summary: The purpose of this study is to evaluate if the combination of nivolumab and a CCR2/CCR5 dual antagonist (BMS-813160) with GVAX is safe in patients with locally advanced pancreatic cancer (LAPC) who have received chemotherapy and radiotherapy, and to see if this combination therapy enhances the infiltration of CD8+CD137+ cells in PDACs .
NCT04266730	Study Title: Trial of a Personalized and Adaptive Neoantigen Dose-Adjusted Vaccine Concurrently With Pembrolizumab. Brief Summary: This is a single center, open-label phase I clinical trial designed to determine the safety of personalized and adjusted neoantigen peptide vaccine (PANDA-VAC) administered concurrently with pembrolizumab in subjects with advanced squamous non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) or squamous cell carcinoma of head and neck (SCCHN).
NCT00436930	Study Title: Vaccine Therapy and GM-CSF in Treating Patients With Recurrent or Metastatic Melanoma. Brief Summary: RATIONALE: Vaccines made from a person's tumor cells and white blood cells may help the body build an effective immune response to kill tumor cells. Colony-stimulating factors, such as GM-CSF, increase the number of white blood cells and platelets found in bone marrow or peripheral blood. Giving vaccine therapy together with GM-CSF may be an effective treatment for melanoma. PURPOSE: This randomized phase II trial is studying two different vaccine therapy regimens to compare how well they work when given together with GM-CSF in treating patients with recurrent or metastatic melanoma.
NCT03597282	Study Title: A Personal Cancer Vaccine (NEO-PV-01) and APX005M or Ipilimumab With Nivolumab in Patients With Advanced Melanoma. Brief Summary: The primary purpose of this study is to demonstrate that the NEO-PV-01 vaccine, either with APX005M or ipilimumab, and nivolumab is safe for the treatment of patients with advanced or metastatic melanoma. The study will also investigate an alternative schedule for the administration of the NEO-PV-01 vaccine. Study interventions will be assessed by both clinical and immune responses to treatment.
NCT01141491	Study Title: Trivalent Ganglioside Vaccine With Immunological Adjuvant or Immunological Adjuvant Alone in Metastatic Sarcoma Patients Who Are Rendered Disease Free. Brief Summary: Sarcoma patients are at high risk for their cancer to recur even when the sarcoma has been removed surgically or treated with radiation or chemotherapy. The patients in the study will be randomized (like flipping a coin) to receive either a vaccine that is combined with an immune system stimulant or the immune system stimulant alone. The immune system stimulant is called OPT-821 and is an immunological booster. The trivalent vaccine is being developed to teach the patient's immune system to recognize 3 types of sugars called GM2, GD2 and GD3 that are found primarily on the surface of sarcoma cells. If the trivalent vaccine can stimulate the patient's immune system to develop antibodies which recognize and target the GM2, GD2 and GM3 sugars, then the patient's antibodies could attack and kill any remaining sarcoma cells potentially preventing the recurrence of sarcoma.
NCT06411691	Study Title: KRAS-Targeted Vaccine Combined With Balstilimab and Botensilimab for Patients With Stage IV MMR-p Colorectal Cancer and Pancreatic Ductal Cancer. Brief Summary: Phase 2 study evaluating the efficacy and immune response to a synthetic long peptide mutant KRAS vaccine (SPL mKRASvax) combined with Balstilimab and Botensilimab for unresectable or metastatic mismatch repair-proficient (MMR-p) colorectal cancer (mCRC) or unresectable or metastatic MMR-p pancreatic ductal adenocarcinoma (PDAC) patients with measurable disease following first-line FOLFIRINOX/FOLFOXIRI (FFX).
NCT05243862	Study Title: Safety and Activity of PolyPEPI1018 Plus Atezolizumab in Colorectal Cancer. Brief Summary: This is a multicenter, open label, phase II trial to determine the safety, tolerability, and immunogenicity and initial clinical activity of the combination treatment of PolyPEPI1018 vaccine and atezolizumab in participants with MSS CRC who have progressed on 2 or 3 prior regimens.
NCT00019929	Study Title: Vaccine Therapy in Treating Patients With Stage III Non-Small Cell Lung Cancer. Brief Summary: RATIONALE: Vaccines may make the body build an immune response to kill tumor cells. PURPOSE: This phase II trial is studying vaccine therapy given after standard therapy to see how well it works in treating patients with stage III non-small cell lung cancer.
NCT00580060	Study Title: Injection Of AJCC Stage IIB, IIC, III And IV Melanoma Patients With A Multi-Epitope Peptide Vaccine Using GM-CSF DNA As An Adjuvant: A Pilot Trial To Assess Safety And Immunity. Brief Summary: This is a pilot trial to investigate the use of GM-CSF DNA as an adjuvant for peptide vaccination in patients with metastatic melanoma. The objective of this study is to determine the safety and adjuvant effect of vaccination with the gene coding for human GM-CSF with a multi-epitope melanoma peptide vaccine (tyrosinase and gp100 peptides) in patients with AJCC stage IIB, IIC, III and IV melanoma who are HLA-A2+. We will assess whether use of GM-CSF DNA is safe and generates an immune response to peptides derived from antigens on melanoma cells.
NCT04163094	Study Title: Ovarian Cancer Treatment With a Liposome Formulated mRNA Vaccine in Combination With (Neo-)Adjuvant Chemotherapy. Brief Summary: This is a first-in-human, open label phase I study in ovarian cancer patients with primary disease eligible for standard-of-care treatment with neo-adjuvant chemotherapy, i.e. 3 cycles carboplatin/paclitaxel, interval surgery and 3 additional cycles carboplatin/paclitaxel. Eight doses of the W_ova1 vaccine will be administered prior and in combination with the (neo-)adjuvant chemotherapy to induce an anti-tumor immune response. Systemic immune responses are determined using peripheral blood mononuclear cells collected before, during and after vaccinations. Intratumoral accumulation of T-cells recognizing vaccine-encoded TAAs will be determined before vaccination in a tumor biopsy and after the 3 cycles of chemotherapy and the 5th vaccination using tumor tissue derived from interval surgery. \[18F\]FB-IL2 PET-CT will be used for the non-invasive assessment of T-cell activation and correlated to immunohistochemistry tumor tissue data from pre-treatment biopsy and interval debulking surgery.
NCT00104780	Study Title: Vaccine Therapy in Treating Patients With Stage IIIB, Stage IV, or Recurrent Non-Small Cell Lung Cancer. Brief Summary: RATIONALE: Vaccines made from peptides may make the body build an effective immune response to kill tumor cells. PURPOSE: This phase II trial is studying how well vaccine therapy works in treating patients with stage IIIB, stage IV, or recurrent non-small cell lung cancer.
NCT00004929	Study Title: Vaccine Therapy Plus QS21 in Treating Patients With Progressive Prostate Cancer. Brief Summary: RATIONALE: Vaccines may make the body build an immune response to kill tumor cells. PURPOSE: Phase II trial to study the effectiveness of vaccine therapy given with QS21 in treating patients who have progressive prostate cancer.
NCT03879694	Study Title: Survivin Long Peptide Vaccine in Treating Patients With Metastatic Neuroendocrine Tumors. Brief Summary: This phase I trial studies the side effects of survivin long peptide vaccine and how it works with the immune system in treating patients with neuroendocrine tumors that have spread to other parts of the body (metastatic). Tumor cells make proteins that are not usually produced by normal cells. The body sees these proteins as not belonging and sends white blood cells called T cells to attack the tumor cells that contain these proteins. By vaccinating with small pieces of these proteins called peptides, the immune system can be made to kill tumor cells. Giving survivin long peptide vaccine to patients who have survivin expression in their tumors may create an immune response in the blood that is directed against neuroendocrine tumors.
NCT01241162	Study Title: Decitabine Followed by a Cancer Antigen Vaccine for Patients With Neuroblastoma and Sarcoma. Brief Summary: This treatment study for relapsed high-risk neuroblastoma, Ewings sarcoma, osteogenic sarcoma, rhabdomyosarcoma or synovial sarcoma involves an autologous cancer testis (CT) antigen specific dendritic cell (DC) vaccine preceded by decitabine as a demethylating chemotherapy.
NCT02718391	Study Title: Complementary Vaccination With Dendritic Cells Pulsed With Autologous Tumor Lysate in Resected Stage III and IV Melanoma Patients. Brief Summary: This phase II, randomized, open-label trial aims to assess whether the vaccination increase RFS in disease free melanoma patients after surgery. Patients will be randomized between Intradermal Autologous Dendritic Cell Vaccine loaded with autologous tumor lysate or homogenate (6 vaccines every 4 weeks) and observation.
NCT00019591	Study Title: Vaccine Therapy With or Without Interleukin-2 in Treating Patients With Locally Advanced or Metastatic Colorectal Cancer. Brief Summary: RATIONALE: Vaccines may make the body build an immune response that will kill cancer cells. Combining vaccine therapy with interleukin-2 may kill more cancer cells. PURPOSE: Phase I/II trial to study the effectiveness of vaccine therapy with or without interleukin-2 in treating patients who have locally advanced or metastatic colorectal cancer.
NCT00674791	Study Title: Study of Cancer Peptides Vaccine Plus GM-CSF as Adjuvant Treatment for High Risk (TXN2-3M0) or Metastatic Breast Cancer With No Evidence of Disease. Brief Summary: This study will evaluate the safety and feasibility of administering a peptide vaccine consisting of twelve different tumor-rejection antigens to patients with high risk (TxN2-3M0) or metastatic breast cancer with no evidence of disease following their completion of systemic therapy. The vaccine is designed to elicit immune responses against twelve different pathways that are essential to tumor growth, survival and metastasis.
NCT00019994	Study Title: Vaccine Therapy in Treating Patients With Metastatic Melanoma. Brief Summary: RATIONALE: Vaccines may make the body build an immune response to kill tumor cells. PURPOSE: Phase II trial to study the effectiveness of vaccine therapy in treating patients who have metastatic melanoma that has not responded to previous therapy.
NCT00003362	Study Title: Vaccine Therapy Plus Immune Adjuvants in Treating Patients With Advanced Melanoma. Brief Summary: RATIONALE: Vaccines made from peptides that are found on melanoma cells may make the body build an immune response and kill melanoma cells. Combining vaccine therapy with immune adjuvants, such as GM-CSF, Montanide ISA-51, or QS21, may be a more effective treatment for advanced melanoma. PURPOSE: Randomized phase II trial to study the effectiveness of gp 100-tyrosinase peptide vaccine with one of the immune adjuvants GM-CSF, Montanide ISA-51, or QS21 in treating patients who have stage III or stage IV melanoma.
NCT00384891	Study Title: Hyperthermia Treatment in Conjunction With Mitomycin C Versus Bacillus Calmette-Guérin Immunotherapy (BCG) for Superficial Bladder Cancer. Brief Summary: The study is designed to compare the efficacy and safety of 2 treatment types for the prevention of tumor recurrence of superficial bladder cancer: 1. A combination of bladder wall heating and local chemotherapy (Synergo) 2. Bacillus Calmette-Guérin (BCG).
NCT02754362	Study Title: A Toll-like Receptor Agonist as an Adjuvant to Tumor Associated Antigens (TAA) Mixed With Montanide ISA-51 VG With Bevacizumab for Patients With Recurrent Glioblastoma. Brief Summary: This is a phase II study to determine the immunogenicity and efficacy of a vaccine composed of tumor associated long synthetic peptides mixed with Montanide ISA-51 VG administered with polyinosinic-polycytidylic acid - poly-L-lysine carboxymethylcellulose (Poly-ICLC) and bevacizumab in adults with recurrent glioblastoma.
NCT00478062	Study Title: Vaccine Therapy in Treating Patients Who Have Received First-Line Therapy for Hodgkin's Lymphoma. Brief Summary: RATIONALE: Vaccines made from a tumor antigen may help the body build an effective immune response to kill tumor cells. PURPOSE: This phase I/II trial is studying the side effects and how well vaccine therapy works in treating patients who have received first-line therapy for Hodgkin's lymphoma.
NCT06051760	Study Title: NV-001 in the Treatment of Advanced Solid Tumors. Brief Summary: This study is a single-center, open, dose-escalation Phase I clinical study. It is designed to evaluate the safety, tolerability, preliminary efficacy and immunogenicity of treating NV-001, a king of hybrid-membrane-based tumor vaccine in patients with advanced solid tumors.
NCT01258868	Study Title: Tumor Cell Vaccines With ISCOMATRIX Adjuvant and Celecoxib in Patients Undergoing Resection of Lung and Esophageal Cancers and Malignant Pleural Mesotheliomas. Brief Summary: Background: - Recent research has shown that causing an immune response to tumor cells may help slow or stop the growth of tumors. One treatment that has come from this research involves collecting and modifying a cancer patient's tumor cells in the laboratory, then returning the cells to the patient as a vaccine to encourage the immune system to respond to them. Researchers are interested in testing tumor cell vaccines with an experimental drug called ISCOMATRIX , which can be added to a vaccine in order to elicit a stronger immune response in the body. ISCOMATRIX has not been approved for sale and use in any country and its use is still experimental, though it has been tested and used safely in other clinical studies. Researchers are also interested in determining whether the anti-inflammatory drug celecoxib will improve the body's immune reaction if given with the vaccine. Objectives: - To assess the safety and effectiveness of tumor cell vaccines given with ISCOMATRIX and celecoxib in the treatment of lung and esophagus cancers. Eligibility: * Individuals at least 18 years of age who have primary small cell or non-small cell lung cancer, esophageal cancer, or pleural mesothelioma that can be removed by surgery. * Only individuals whose tumor cells are able to produce a tumor cell line for vaccine development will be eligible for treatment. Design: * Participants will be screened with a physical examination and medical history, and will have tumor tissue collected during their surgery to determine whether the tumor cells can be used to produce a vaccine. * Participants will take celecoxib twice daily for 7 days before having the first tumor cell vaccination. Participants will also have leukapheresis to collect blood cells for testing before the first vaccination. * Participants will receive one vaccine (which may be given in two shots) monthly for 6 months, and will continue to take celecoxib twice daily. One month after the 6th vaccine shot, participants will have another leukapheresis and skin test. If these tests show that a participant is responding to the vaccine, additional vaccines will be given every 3 months for up to 2 years. * Participants will have a physical exam and lab tests before each vaccination, blood samples and imaging studies every 3 months, and a skin test every 6 months. * Participants will have regular followup visits with imaging studies and blood samples for up to 5 years after the first vaccination, or until a new tumor develops.
NCT03714529	Study Title: A Study of IO103 in Montanide Adjuvant for Basal Cell Carcinoma. Brief Summary: A single center, open-label, phase IIa, single arm, window of opportunity trial with IO103 and Montanide adjuvant in patients with surgically resectable BCC.
NCT01313429	Study Title: Tumor Cell Vaccine for Patients Undergoing Surgery for Sarcomas, Melanomas, Germ Cell Tumors, or Malignancies That Have Metastasized to the Lungs, Pleura, or Mediastinum. Brief Summary: Background: - Certain types of cancers, including sarcoma and melanoma, have specific antigens (protein molecules) on their surfaces. Research has shown that producing an immune reaction to these antigens may be able to keep tumors from growing by encouraging the immune system to destroy the tumor cells. By creating a vaccine that contains antigens similar to those found on the cancer cells, researchers hope to cause an immune reaction that targets the cancer cells. However, more research is needed to determine the safety and effectiveness of this type of vaccine treatment. Objectives: - To determine whether a tumor cell vaccine, given to individuals who have had surgery to remove malignant tumors from the chest, can cause an immune reaction that will prevent the tumors from coming back. Eligibility: - Individuals at least 18 years of age who have been diagnosed with cancer that has spread to the lungs, pleura, or mediastinum, and have recently had surgery to remove tumors in the chest. Design: * Participants will be screened with a physical examination and medical history, as well as blood tests and imaging studies. * Participants will have the option to have leukapheresis to collect white blood cells for studies on how the body is responding to the vaccine. Participants who agree to have this procedure will have it before the start of treatment and after the sixth and eighth vaccines. * Seven days before the first vaccine, participants will receive the chemotherapy drugs celecoxib and cyclophosphamide to take twice a day at home. * Participants will receive the experimental vaccine as an injection in the thigh or arm, and may receive it in two shots depending on how many cells are in each vaccine. Participants will receive a diary to monitor medication doses and side effects, as well as additional cyclophosphamide and celecoxib to take at home as directed by the study. * Participants will have one vaccine every month for 6 months, and will have regular blood tests and imaging studies. After the sixth vaccine, participants who have successfully responded to the treatment will have two additional vaccines given 3 months apart. * After the eighth vaccine, participants will have followup visits every 3 months for 1 year and then every 6 months for up to 4 years....
NCT00091104	Study Title: Cyclophosphamide and Fludarabine Followed by Vaccine Therapy, Gene-Modified White Blood Cell Infusions, and Aldesleukin in Treating Patients With Metastatic Melanoma. Brief Summary: RATIONALE: Inserting a laboratory-treated gene into a person's white blood cells may make the body build an immune response to kill tumor cells. Giving cyclophosphamide and fludarabine before a white blood cell infusion may suppress the immune system and allow tumor cells to be killed. Vaccines may make the body build an immune response to kill tumor cells. Aldesleukin may stimulate a person's white blood cells to kill tumor cells. Combining white blood cell infusion with vaccine therapy and aldesleukin may cause a stronger immune response and kill more tumor cells. PURPOSE: This phase I trial is studying the side effects and best dose of gene-modified white blood cells when given together with cyclophosphamide, fludarabine, vaccine therapy, and aldesleukin and to see how well it works in treating patients with metastatic melanoma.
NCT00329368	Study Title: Safety and Tolerability Study of FolateImmune in Combination With Cytokines in Patients With Refractory or Metastatic Cancer. Brief Summary: This is a Phase 1b clinical trial to assess the safety and tolerability of vaccination with EC90 (KLH-FITC) and GPI-0100 (adjuvant) followed by treatment with EC17 (Folate-FITC) in combination with low-dose cytokines (IL-2 and IFN-alpha) in patients with metastatic or refractory cancer.
NCT02429440	Study Title: Adjuvant Antigen Specific Immunotherapy in Patients With Advanced Renal Cell Carcinoma Using Tumor Associated Peptides. Brief Summary: Clinical Phase I/II study to investigate the feasibility and tolerability of synthetic adjuvant peptide immunisation in combination with immune adjuvants (granulocyte macrophage colony stimulating factor; Montanide ISA-51) in patients with advanced renal cell cancer (RCC).
NCT00488592	"Study Title: Peptide Vaccinations to Treat Patients With Low-Risk Myeloid Cancers. Brief Summary: This study will test the safety and effectiveness of two vaccines on slowing disease progression, improving blood counts, reducing the need for transfusions of blood and platelets, or achieving remission in patients with myelodysplastic syndrome (MDS, also known as myelodysplasia), acute myeloid leukemia (AML) or chronic myeloid leukemia (CML). The vaccines consist of peptides (parts of proteins) found in MDS, AML and CML stem cells, combined with a substance called ""MontanideTM"". They are administered with granulocyte- macrophage colony- stimulating factor (GM-CSF). The Montanide and the GM-CSF help the immune system respond to the vaccines. People 18 years of age or older with MDS, AML or CML may be eligible for this study. Participants receive six injections of the vaccines, one dose every other week for a total of 10 weeks. The injections are given in the upper arm, upper leg, or abdomen. A separate injection of GM-CSF is given in the same area as the vaccine injections. Subjects are observed for 2 hours after the first vaccination and at least 30 minutes after each subsequent vaccination for allergic reactions. In addition to the vaccination, subjects undergo the following: * History and physical exam, chest x-ray, blood tests and bone marrow aspirate and biopsy before starting the vaccinations. * Safety monitoring during vaccine administration (every other week for 10 weeks) with blood tests and check of vital signs. * Follow-up safety monitoring (weeks 12 and 16) with blood tests every visit, chest x-ray at week 12 and bone marrow biopsy visit 16."
NCT05142189	Study Title: Clinical Trial Evaluating the Safety, Tolerability and Preliminary Efficacy of BNT116 Alone and in Combinations in Patients With Advanced Non-small Cell Lung Cancer. Brief Summary: This First-in-human (FIH) trial for BNT116 aims to establish the safety profile and a safe dose for BNT116 monotherapy as well as for BNT116 in combination with cemiplimab or docetaxel in patients with advanced or metastasized non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) and unresectable NSCLC after chemoradiotherapy (CRT). Furthermore, the trial aims to establish the safety and feasibility of BNT116 in combination with cemiplimab and chemotherapy (carboplatin+paclitaxel) as neo-adjuvant treatment in resectable NSCLC followed by surgery and adjuvant BNT116 + cemiplimab. The trial will comprise several cohorts for dose confirmation in monotherapy as well as in combinations of BNT116 as mentioned above.
NCT01556789	Study Title: Phase 1 Study of ONT-10 in Patients With Solid Tumors. Brief Summary: Open label, two part, Phase 1 dose escalation study to evaluate the safety and immunogenicity of repeat dose vaccination with ONT-10 in patients with previously treated Stage 3 or 4 solid tumors. Part 1 to evaluate escalating dose levels of ONT-10 administered subcutaneously every two weeks (Q2W) or weekly (QW) over 8 weeks. Part 2 evaluates the safety, immunogenicity, and potential anti-tumor activity of ONT-10 administered over 8 weeks at the Q2W and QW maximum tolerated does/recommended dose (MTD/RD) in cohorts of 15 patients each.
NCT01088789	Study Title: A Trial of Boost Vaccinations of Pancreatic Tumor Cell Vaccine. Brief Summary: The purpose of this study is to evaluate the safety and feasibility of long term boost vaccination of a lethally irradiated, allogenic pancreatic tumor cell vaccine transfected with the granulocyte macrophage colony-stimulating factor (GM-CSF) gene alone or given in combination with either a single intravenous dose or daily metronomic oral doses of cyclophosphamide for the treatment of patients with surgically resected adenocarcinoma of the head, neck, tail or the uncinate process of the pancreas.
NCT02187367	Study Title: Safety & Efficacy Study of EGF Cancer Vaccine to Treat Stage IV Biomarker Positive, Wild Type EGF-R NSCLC Patients. Brief Summary: The vaccine contains humanized recombinant antigen (EGF - Epithelial Growth Factor) and an adjuvant. The antibodies induced by vaccination will react with circulating EGF leading to removal of EGF from the circulation. As a result, binding to its target EGF-Receptor is prevented. Blocking of EGF-Receptor is preventing activation and stimulation of proliferation of tumour cell. A Phase 3 clinical trial on the EGF vaccine is ongoing in Cuba. The result from previous studies demonstrated positive correlation between extended survival and immune response against the vaccination in the late-stage NSCLC patients' age below 60 with improved quality of life. The purpose of this international Phase 3 trial is to determine whether the recombinant human EGF cancer vaccine is safe, immunogenic and effective in the treatment of stage IV NSCLC patients who are positive in the selective EGF biomarker and wild type EGF-Receptor compared to standard treatment and supportive care.
NCT05238467	"Study Title: Immunological Responses of COVID-19 Vaccination. Brief Summary: Cancer patients with COVID-19 have a 30% higher mortality rate compared to the general population and are considered a high-risk group by the American Association for Cancer Research that should be given ""high priority"" during COVID-19 vaccine administration. Although studies have suggested that vaccination during active treatment with chemo and/or radiation therapy provides suboptimal antibody response, the studies were underpowered and heterogeneous thus putting this conclusion into question. We need data in cancer patients on immunosuppressive chemotherapy at the time of COVID vaccination to understand how immune responses compare to healthy controls and cancer patients not on immunosuppressive therapy."
NCT06462001	Study Title: BCG + MMC: Adding Mitomycin C to BCG in High-risk, Non-muscle-invasive Bladder Cancer. Brief Summary: Instillation of Bacillus of Calmette-Guerin (BCG) into the urinary bladder (intravesical administration) improves rates of disease recurrence and progression after transurethral resection (TUR) of high risk, non-muscle-invasive bladder cancer (NMIBC), but over 30% of people still develop recurrent transitional cell carcinoma (TCC) despite optimal therapy with adjuvant intravesical BCG. Our meta-analysis, including a recent randomised phase 2 trial, suggests that outcomes might be improved further by using an adjuvant intravesical regimen that includes both Mitomycin (MM) and BCG. These promising findings require corroboration in a definitive, large scale, randomised phase 3 trial using standard techniques for intravesical administration.
NCT00085189	Study Title: Vaccine Therapy in Treating Patients With Stage IIC-IV Melanoma. Brief Summary: This pilot phase II trial studies how well giving vaccine therapy works in treating patients with stage IIC-IV melanoma. Vaccines made from melanoma peptides or antigens may help the body build an effective immune response to kill tumor cells.
NCT00706992	Study Title: Anti-MART-1 F5 Lymphocytes to Treat High-Risk Melanoma Patients. Brief Summary: Background: * Melanoma antigen recognized by T cells (MART-1) is a gene that is present in melanoma cells. * This study tests an experimental treatment that uses the patient's own lymphocytes (type of white blood cell), which are specially selected and genetically modified with a gene called anti-MART-1 transduced cells (F5) to target and destroy their tumor. Some of the cells are given as an infusion and others are given as a vaccine. * The anti-MART-1 F5 cells are currently being studied in other patients in combination with chemotherapy and IL-2 (aldesleukin) therapy. Objectives: -To determine if the anti-MART-1 F5 treatment can improve the immune system's ability to shrink tumors and to prevent melanoma from recurring. Eligibility: * Patients 18 years of age and older whose melanoma has been removed and are currently disease-free, but who are at risk for recurrence. * Patients who do not have ocular or mucosal melanoma. * Patients with tissue type human leukocyte antigens (HLA-A)\*0201). Design: * Workup: Patients have scans, x-rays, laboratory tests, other tests as needed and leukapheresis, a procedure for collecting white cells to modify in the laboratory and later reinfuse into the patient. * Patients are assigned to one of four study groups:   * Group 1 receives anti-MART-1 F5 cells by 30-minute infusion through a vein on day 0.   * Group 2 receives anti-MART-1 F5 cells on day 0 followed by injections of MART-1 vaccine, which contains MART-1 and an oil-based liquid called Montanide ISA-51 VG. The vaccine is repeated on day 30.   * Group 3 receives anti-MART-1 F5 cells on day 0 followed by injections of low-dose IL-2 for 5 days (days 0-4).   * Group 4 receives anti-MART-1 F5 cells on day 0 followed by MART-1 vaccine and low-dose IL-2 for 5 days. The vaccine is repeated on day 30. * Recovery: Patients are monitored closely and given medicines to prevent or treat any side effects of therapy. * Leukapheresis: Patients undergo leukapheresis at 1 and 3 months after therapy to collect cells to examine the effects of the treatment on the immune system. * Follow-up: Patients return to National Institutes of Health (NIH) 35 days after completing treatment and then at 3 months and every 6 months thereafter for evaluation with a physical examination, review of side effects, laboratory tests and scans. They have blood tests at 3, 6 and 12 months after treatment and then once a year after that. A biopsy may be requested after treatment ends to examine the effects of treatment on the immune system. All patients return to NIH for a physical examination once a year for 5 years and then complete a follow-up questionnaire for another 10 years.
NCT04493489	Study Title: Propranolol Adjuvant Treatment of Bladder Cancer. Brief Summary: Bladder cancer (bladder cancer) is the tenth most common cancer in the world, ranking 13th in the number of deaths. There are about 549000 new cases of bladder cancer worldwide, with 200000 deaths and a higher incidence rate in men than in women. In 2013, the incidence rate of bladder cancer was high in China, accounting for 2.02% of all new cases. Bladder cancer has become a major disease threatening people's life and health. Therefore, the exploration of the mechanism of the occurrence and development of bladder cancer and effective drugs has been an important focus of bladder cancer research. The current treatment of bladder cancer is mainly TURBT (transurethral resection of bladder tumour) resection and BCG, chemotherapy adjuvant treatment, but its recurrence and metastasis still exist, so this study aims to explore an effective drug treatment. The purpose of this study was to investigate the safety and efficacy of propranolol in adjuvant BCG therapy, and whether propranolol can effectively alleviate the metastasis and recurrence of bladder cancer and improve the survival time after bladder cancer surgery.
NCT00365872	Study Title: External Beam Radiation With Intratumoral Injection of Dendritic Cells As Neo-Adjuvant Treatment for Sarcoma. Brief Summary: This is a Phase II study using a combination of external beam radiation with intratumoral injection of dendritic cells (white blood cells) as neo-adjuvant treatment for patients with high-risk soft tissue sarcoma. The purpose was to determine if an injection of the patient's own immune related white blood cells into their tumor would strengthen the immune system to fight against their cancer.
NCT05350501	Study Title: EO2040 in Combination With Nivolumab, for Treatment of Patients With Minimal Residual Disease of Colorectal Cancer. Brief Summary: The current study will evaluate the microbiome-derived therapeutic vaccine EO2040 in combination with nivolumab in patients with circulating tumor DNA-defined Minimal Residual Disease (MRD) of colorectal cancer stage II, III, or IV after completion of standard curative therapy.
NCT00199901	Study Title: Study of NY-ESO-1 ISCOMATRIX in Patients With High-risk, Resected Melanoma. Brief Summary: The purpose of this trial is to assess whether treatment with NY-ESO-1 ISCOMATRIX vaccine improves outcomes for people with Malignant Melanoma which has been removed, but is at high risk of relapse.
NCT01290692	Study Title: Study To Test the Safety and Efficacy of TVI-Brain-1 As A Treatment for Recurrent Grade IV Glioma. Brief Summary: TVI-Brain-1 is an experimental treatment that takes advantage of the fact that your body can produce immune cells, called 'killer' white blood cells that have the ability to kill large numbers of the cancer cells that are present in your body. TVI-Brain-1 is designed to generate large numbers of those 'killer' white blood cells and to deliver those cells into your body so that they can kill your cancer cells.
NCT01924169	Study Title: Lenalidomide as Immune Adjuvant in Patient's With Chronic Lymphocytic Leukemia (CLL). Brief Summary: The goal of this clinical research study is to learn if lenalidomide can increase the level of immunoglobulins (parts of the blood that may help to improve the immune system's function) and/or will improve the protective effect of the flu and pneumonia vaccines in patients with CLL.
NCT02548169	Study Title: Dendritic Cell Vaccine and Chemotherapy for Patients With Pancreatic Cancer. Brief Summary: The primary objective is to confirm clinical safety and feasibility of combining the antigen-loaded Dendritic Cell (DC) vaccine with chemotherapy including folinic acid, oxaliplatin, irinotecan and 5-Fluorouracil (5FU) (FOLFIRINOX) and nab-paclitaxel/gemcitabine in patients with pancreatic cancer. The secondary objectives of this trial are to determine preliminary clinical efficacy based on response rates, overall survival and progression free survival compared with historic control, and surgical conversion rate as defined as percent of locally advanced (unresectable) patients achieving resectability within 6 months of treatment initiation. Also, to identify vaccine immunogenicity by measuring acquired, T cell-mediated immune activating events post-vaccination and to correlate clinical response with acquired immune responses.
NCT01353222	Study Title: DN24-02 as Adjuvant Therapy in Subjects With High Risk HER2+ Urothelial Carcinoma. Brief Summary: This study was conducted to examine survival, disease-free survival, safety, and the magnitude of the immune response induced following administration of DN24-02 in subjects with HER2+ urothelial carcinoma.
NCT03359239	Study Title: Atezolizumab Given in Combination With a Personalized Vaccine in Patients With Urothelial Cancer. Brief Summary: The purpose of this study is to determine the good and bad effects of atezolizumab given in combination with a personalized cancer vaccine in patients with urothelial cancer either after surgery to remove organ where the tumor arose (for example, removal of the bladder) or for urothelial cancer that has spread to other organs.
NCT05075122	Study Title: Tolerability and Efficacy of UV1 Vaccine in Patients With Recurrent or Metastatic Head and Neck Squamous Cell Carcinoma Planned for First-line Treatment With Pembrolizumab. Brief Summary: The primary objective of this study is to determine the clinical performance of UV1 vaccination as add on to standard pembrolizumab treatment in patients with recurrent or metastatic PD-L1 positive (CPS \>=1) head and neck squamous cell carcinoma. Secondary objectives are to determine the efficacy in terms of overall survival ,objective response rate and duration of response. Moreover, this study will explore patient subgroups most likely deriving benefit from a targeted immunotherapy approach combining a checkpoint inhibitor with a cancer vaccine and help to establish liquid biopsy tumor monitoring in HNSCC.
NCT00091039	Study Title: Vaccine Therapy, Chemotherapy, and Radiation Therapy in Treating Patients With Stage III Non-Small Cell Lung Cancer That Cannot Be Removed With Surgery. Brief Summary: RATIONALE: Vaccines made from a gene-modified virus may make the body build an immune response to kill tumor cells. Drugs used in chemotherapy, such as paclitaxel and carboplatin, work in different ways to stop tumor cells from dividing so they stop growing or die. Radiation therapy uses high energy x-rays to damage tumor cells. Combining vaccine therapy with chemotherapy and radiation therapy may kill more tumor cells. PURPOSE: This clinical trial is studying how well giving vaccine therapy together with paclitaxel, carboplatin, and radiation therapy works in treating patients with stage III non-small cell lung cancer that cannot be removed with surgery.
NCT00404339	Study Title: Vaccine Therapy in Treating Patients With Head and Neck Cancer. Brief Summary: RATIONALE: Vaccines made from a person's dendritic cells mixed with peptides may help the body build an effective immune response to kill tumor cells. PURPOSE: This randomized phase I trial is studying the side effects of vaccine therapy in treating patients with head and neck cancer.
NCT00028431	Study Title: Novel Adjuvants for Peptide-Based Melanoma Vaccines. Brief Summary: This is a study to determine the efficacy of a melanoma vaccine chemotherapy cocktail composed of CTLA-4 antibody; tyrosinase, gp100, and MART-1 peptides; and incomplete Freund's adjuvant (IFA) with or without interleukin-12 in patients with resected stage III or IV melanoma.
NCT04799431	Study Title: Neoantigen-Targeted Vaccine Combined With Anti-PD-1 Antibody for Patients With Stage IV MMR-p Colon and Pancreatic Ductal Cancer. Brief Summary: Phase 1 study evaluating feasibility, safety, and immune response to a personalized neoantigen vaccine combined with retifanlimab for MMR-p mCRC and mPDAC patients with measurable disease following first-line FOLFIRINOX/FOLFOXIRI (FFX).
NCT00551265	Study Title: Oregovomab With or Without Cyclophosphamide in Treating Patients With Stage III or Stage IV Ovarian Epithelial Cancer, Fallopian Tube Cancer, or Primary Peritoneal Cancer That Responded to Second-Line Chemotherapy. Brief Summary: This randomized clinical trial is studying the side effects of oregovomab and to see how well it works with or without cyclophosphamide in treating patients with stage III or stage IV ovarian epithelial cancer, fallopian tube cancer, or primary peritoneal cancer that responded to second-line chemotherapy. Monoclonal antibodies, such as oregovomab, can block tumor growth in different ways. Some block the ability of tumor cells to grow and spread. Others find tumor cells and help kill them or carry tumor-killing substances to them. Drugs used in chemotherapy, such as cyclophosphamide, work in different ways to stop the growth of tumor cells, either by killing the cells or by stopping them from dividing. It is not yet known whether oregovomab is more effective when given together with or without cyclophosphamide in treating patients with stage III or stage IV ovarian epithelial cancer, fallopian tube cancer, or primary peritoneal cancer.
NCT00093548	Study Title: Vaccine Therapy in Treating Patients With Stage II, Stage IIIA, Stage IIIB, or Stage IVA Liver Cancer. Brief Summary: RATIONALE: Vaccines made from DNA and a gene-modified virus may make the body build an immune response to kill tumor cells. Giving booster vaccinations may make a stronger immune response and prevent or delay the recurrence of liver cancer. PURPOSE: This phase I/II trial is studying the side effects and best dose of vaccine therapy and to see how well it works in treating patients with stage II, stage IIIA, stage IIIB, or stage IVA liver cancer.
NCT05426148	Study Title: Lot Consistency Clinical Trial of of Recombinant HPV Bivalent Vaccine in 9 to14 Years Old Healthy Female. Brief Summary: This study is to evaluate lot-lot consistency of Recombinant Human Papillomavirus Bivalent (Types 16, 18) Vaccine (Escherichia coli) .
NCT01983748	Study Title: Dendritic Cells Plus Autologous Tumor RNA in Uveal Melanoma. Brief Summary: Patients suffering from uveal melanoma (typed positive for monosomy 3 and without evidence for metastases) will be vaccinated over a period of 2 years with Dendritic Cell loaded with autologous Tumor RNA. 200 patients will be included. The Trial is an open multicenter Phase III Trial.
NCT06057948	Study Title: A Study of a Vaccine in Combination With Beta-glucan in People With Neuroblastoma. Brief Summary: The purpose of this study is to test which treatment schedule of β-glucan with bivalent vaccine is more effective for participants with high-risk neuroblastoma that is in complete remission.
NCT00003222	Study Title: Vaccine Therapy Plus Interleukin-2 in Treating Patients With Stage III or Stage IV Melanoma. Brief Summary: RATIONALE: Vaccines made from melanoma cells may make the body build an immune response to and kill tumor cells. Colony-stimulating factors such as GM-CSF may increase the number of immune cells found in the bone marrow or peripheral blood. Interleukin-2 may stimulate a person's white blood cells to kill melanoma cells. Combining vaccine therapy with GM-CSF and interleukin-2 may be kill more tumor cells. PURPOSE: Phase II trial to study the effectiveness of vaccines made from melanoma cells with or without GM-CSF followed by interleukin-2 in treating patients with stage III or stage IV melanoma.
NCT03927222	Study Title: Immunotherapy Targeted Against Cytomegalovirus in Patients With Newly-Diagnosed WHO Grade IV Unmethylated Glioma. Brief Summary: This single-arm phase II study will assess the impact of tetanus pre-conditioning and adjuvant Granulocyte Macrophage Colony Stimulating Factor (GM-CSF) on overall survival of patients newly diagnosed with World Health Organization (WHO) Grade IV glioblastoma who have undergone definitive tumor resection, are cytomegalovirus (CMV) positive and unmethylated, and completed standard temozolomide (TMZ) and radiation treatment. After completion of the standard of care radiotherapy with concurrent TMZ, patients will receive 1 cycle of dose-intensified TMZ followed by pp65-loaded dendritic cell (DC) vaccination beginning on day 23.
NCT00003357	Study Title: Vaccine Therapy Plus QS21 in Treating Women With Breast Cancer Who Have No Evidence of Disease. Brief Summary: RATIONALE: Vaccines made from GM2-KLH and given with QS21 may make the body build an immune response to and kill tumor cells. PURPOSE: Phase I trial to study the effectiveness of GM2-KLH vaccine plus QS21 in treating patients with breast cancer who have no evidence of disease.
NCT06315257	Study Title: A Clinical Trial to Assess PVX7 Immunotherapy Regimens in Advanced Cervical Cancer Patients. Brief Summary: A Feasibility Trial of PVX7 vaccine in advanced cervical cancer patients who have completed primary definitive therapy.
NCT04630730	Study Title: Intravesical Recombinant BCG Followed by Perioperative Chemo-immunotherapy for Patients With MIBC. Brief Summary: Current treatment of localized muscle-invasive bladder cancer is still associated with high relapse and death rate as well as the need for complete bladder resection or irradiation. The primary objective of this trial is to increase the rate of pathologic complete remission (pCR) at the time of radical cystectomy by the combination of local bladder instillation with Bacillus Calmette Guérin (BCG) in combination with systemic immunotherapy with atezolizumab and standard chemotherapy with cisplatin/gemcitabine. The trial tests the hypothesis whether BCG can enhance systemic and local immune response and thereby increase pCR rate and consequently also event-free survival. Improving pCR rate would be a next step to the ultimate goal of omitting radical surgery or extensive local radiotherapy to the bladder for these patients.
NCT01095848	Study Title: A Phase I Safety Study of a Cancer Vaccine to Treat HLA-A2 Positive Advanced Stage Ovarian, Breast and Prostate Cancer. Brief Summary: To determine the safety and immunogenicity profile of two (2) different doses of the vaccine DPX-0907 to treat breast, ovarian and prostate cancer.
NCT02078648	Study Title: Safety and Efficacy Study of SL-701, a Glioma-Associated Antigen Vaccine To Treat Recurrent Glioblastoma Multiforme. Brief Summary: The purpose of this study is to determine the safety and efficacy of SL-701 as a treatment for recurrent glioblastoma multiform (GBM).
NCT05264974	Study Title: Novel RNA-nanoparticle Vaccine for the Treatment of Early Melanoma Recurrence Following Adjuvant Anti-PD-1 Antibody Therapy. Brief Summary: The goal of this phase I trial is to evaluate the toxicity and feasibility of a tumor-specific RNA-NP vaccine in patients with stage IIB-IV melanoma who have progressed on anti-PD1 (a-PD1) adjuvant therapy.
NCT00227474	Study Title: S0348 Vaccine Therapy in Treating Patients With Stage IIIB or Stage IV Breast Cancer in Remission. Brief Summary: RATIONALE: Vaccines made from a gene-modified virus may help the body build an effective immune response to kill tumor cells. Giving booster vaccinations may make a stronger immune response and prevent or delay the recurrence of cancer. PURPOSE: This phase II trial is studying how well vaccine therapy works in treating patients with stage IIIB or stage IV breast cancer in remission.
NCT00912574	Study Title: Evaluation of the Effects of Local Granulocyte-Macrophage Colony-Stimulating Factor (GM-CSF) in Adjuvant Administration on Dendritic Cells in Skin of Melanoma Patients and in Sentinel Lymph Nodes: MEL38. Brief Summary: Goal: To characterize the cellular events that occur in vivo after vaccination with an emulsion of GMCSF-in-adjuvant. Design: Open-label, single dose study in two stages.
NCT01862874	Study Title: Efficacy and Tolerability Study of V501 in Japanese Males (V501-122). Brief Summary: A study to evaluate the efficacy and tolerability of V501 (quadrivalent Human Papilloma Virus \[HPV\] \[Type 6, 11, 16 and 18\] L1 Virus-Like Particle vaccine, GARDASIL) in healthy, 16- to 26-year old Japanese males. The hypotheses tested are: 1) V501 reduces the combined incidence of HPV 6-, 11-, 16-, or 18-related persistent infection compared with placebo, and 2) V501 reduces the combined incidence of HPV 6-, 11-, 16-, or 18-related persistent infection, condyloma acuminata, penile/perianal/perineal intraepithelial neoplasia, or penile, perianal, or perineal cancer compared with placebo.
NCT00470574	Study Title: Vaccine Therapy and QS21 in Treating Patients With Metastatic Breast Cancer. Brief Summary: RATIONALE: Vaccines may help the body build an effective immune response to kill tumor cells. Giving vaccine therapy together with QS21 may cause a stronger immune response and kill more tumor cells. PURPOSE: This clinical trial is studying the side effects and how well giving vaccine therapy together with QS21 works in treating patients with metastatic breast cancer.
NCT04364230	Study Title: Melanoma Vaccine Against Neoantigen and Shared Antigens by CD40 Activation and TLR Agonists In Patients With Melanoma (Including Ocular Melanoma). Brief Summary: This study evaluates whether it is safe to administer a peptide vaccine made of 6MHP and a mutated neoantigen peptide (BRAF585-614-V600E) combined with adjuvants. The adjuvants that will be used in this trial are a CD40 antibody (CDX-1140) and a toll-like receptor (TLR) 3 agonist (Poly-ICLC). The study will also investigate the effects of the vaccine and the adjuvants on the immune response. The investigators will monitor these effects by performing tests in the laboratory on participants' blood and skin tissue.
NCT01309230	Study Title: A Trial of FANG Vaccine for Participants With Ovarian Cancer. Brief Summary: This was a clinical trial for women with ovarian cancer scheduled to have an operation to remove the cancerous tissue. The cancer cells removed during the planned surgery were used to attempt to make the investigational product, named Vigil. Vigil is considered an immunotherapy. In this study, participants who met the requirements to be in the study and if Vigil was successfully made from the participants cancer cells, participants underwent treatment with their standard chemotherapy regimen. At the end of the standard chemotherapy regimen and if there was no evidence of remaining cancer, participants were randomly assigned to receive the Vigil or would be assigned to the standard of care group, which in this study meant no further treatment was given to the participant. The purpose of this study was to compare the difference between the participants who received Vigil versus the usual care after completion of standard chemotherapy and to determine if Vigil delayed or prevented ovarian cancer from coming back.
NCT01729663	Study Title: Phase II/III Clinical Study CSF470 Plus BCG Plus GM-CSF vs IFN Alpha 2b in Stage IIB, IIC and III Melanoma Patients. Brief Summary: Randomized, open, Phase II-III study, comparative between treatment with CSF-470 vaccine , allogeneic, irradiated with BCG and molgramostin (rHuGM-CSF) as adjuvants and interferon alfa 2b (IFN-alpha2b) treatment , in stages IIB, IIC o III (AJCC) post-surgery cutaneous melanoma patients. This study has been approved by ANMAT ( Administración Nacional de Medicamentos, Alimentos y Tecnología Médica (ANMAT)), number 1556/2011 (www.anmat.gov.ar). The study Institution is Instituto Médico Especializado Alexander Fleming, Ciudad Autónoma de Buenos Aires, Argentina. The Sponsor is Laboratory Pablo Cassará (LPC, S.R.L.). Study population include a total of 108 patients (72 patients will receive CSF470 vaccine and 36 patients will receive alpha IFN-alpha 2b) for a total of 24 months. CSF-470 treatment will consist of four vaccine doses id injection (three weeks apart), then one dose every two months for the first year and them every three months for the second year. Each vaccine consist of a mixture of 17,6.106 melanoma cells, from four melanoma cell lines, not genetically modified and lethally irradiated. As adjuvant BCG (120 µg prot) the first day and rHuGM-CSF (Molgramostim, 400 µg, fractionated in four days doses) will be used. IFN-alpha 2b treatment will consist of s.c. injection of 10 million units (MU) (5 t/w ) for four weeks and then 5 MU (3t/w) for 23 months. Both treatments will also compare quality of life (QOL) and study a possible correlation in the CSF470 vaccine arm between the induced immune response and clinical outcome.
NCT04552886	Study Title: Dendritic Cell Vaccination With Standard Postoperative Chemoradiation for the Treatment of Adult Glioblastoma. Brief Summary: Effective treatments are desperately needed for glioblastoma (GBM) patients. This phase I clinical trial assesses the safety of a novel personalized dendritic-cell vaccine administered to GBM patients shortly after completing standard-of-care treatments. Secondary outcomes will evaluate patient progression-free survival and overall survival.
NCT02978222	Study Title: Folate Receptor Alpha Peptide Vaccine With GM-CSF Versus GM-CSF Alone in Patients With Platinum Sensitive Ovarian Cancer. Brief Summary: This is a double-blind, randomized, parallel groups Phase II trial. Patients with platinum-sensitive advanced ovarian cancer, defined as a lack of progression by RECIST v1.1 criteria following completion of standard-of-care chemotherapy, including a minimum of 4 cycles of a platinum-containing regimen. Patients will be randomized to either the vaccine regimen with GM-CSF adjuvant or GM-CSF adjuvant alone as a control group. Treatment will be administered as a consolidation therapy within one year of the last administration of platinum, targeting the first remission.
NCT03850522	Study Title: PD-L1 Peptide Vaccination in High Risk Smoldering Multiple Myeloma. Brief Summary: This study is evaluating a new vaccine against PD-L1 as a possible treatment for high-risk smoldering multiple myeloma.
NCT00485563	Study Title: A Phase II Study of EC17 (Folate-hapten Conjugate) in Patients With Progressive Metastatic Renal Cell Carcinoma. Brief Summary: This is a Phase 2 clinical trial to collect data on tumor responses produced by folate-hapten conjugate therapy (vaccination with EC90 \[KLH-FITC\] and GPI-0100 adjuvant followed by treatment with EC17 (folate-FITC) in combination with low-dose cytokines in patients with progressive metastatic renal cell carcinoma. All patients will undergo imaging with the investigational imaging agent 99mTc-EC20 (FolateScan) during the screening period to confirm eligibility for the treatment portion of the clinical trial.
NCT00003339	Study Title: Vaccine Therapy With or Without Interleukin-12 in Treating Patients With Stage III or Stage IV Melanoma. Brief Summary: RATIONALE: Vaccines made from a person's cancer cells may make the body build an immune response that will kill tumor cells. Interleukin-12 may kill tumor cells by stopping blood flow to the tumor and by stimulating white blood cells to kill melanoma cells. PURPOSE: Randomized phase II trial to determine the effectiveness of vaccine therapy given with interleukin-12 in treating patients who have stage III or stage IV melanoma.
NCT02334735	Study Title: A Comparison of Matured Dendritic Cells and Montanide in Study Subjects With High Risk of Melanoma Recurrence. Brief Summary: Vaccine adjuvants are compounds used to increase specific immune responses to antigens, but have minimal toxicity or lasting immune effects on their own. This study investigates the use of dendritic cells as an adjuvant for NY-ESO-1 and Melan-A/MART-1 peptides compared to Montanide in study subjects with melanoma in complete clinical remission.
NCT05846516	Study Title: A Study to Evaluate ATP150/ATP152, VSV-GP154 and Ezabenlimab in Patients With KRAS G12D/G12V Mutated PDAC (KISIMA-02). Brief Summary: The goal of this clinical trial is to test an experimental treatment (immunotherapy) in pancreatic cancer patients. The main research objectives are: * to evaluate if the KISIMA-02 treatment is safe and well-tolerated (first part)\* to evaluate if the KISIMA-02 treatment has an impact on the time to observe a possible reappearance of the tumor (second part). Participants will receive: i) a therapeutic protein vaccine ATP150 or ATP 152 ii) a viral vector VSV-GP154 iii) an immune checkpoint inhibitor Ezabenlimab In the second part of the study, researchers will compare treatment group versus observational group.
NCT05936216	Study Title: TVI-Brain-1 in Expanded Access Patient. Brief Summary: TVI-Brain-1 is being offered as a potential treatment option to a Named Patient (Emergency Use Authorization IND) for recurrent glioblastoma as there is no effective systemic treatment available for this disease or patient. TVI-Brain-1 is an experimental treatment that takes advantage of the fact that your body can produce immune cells, called 'killer' white blood cells that have the ability to kill large numbers of the cancer cells that are present in your body. TVI-Brain-1 is designed to generate large numbers of those 'killer' white blood cells and to deliver those cells into your body so that they can kill your cancer cells.
NCT00036816	Study Title: Vaccine Therapy in Treating Patients With Melanoma of the Eye. Brief Summary: RATIONALE: Vaccines may make the body build an immune response to kill tumor cells and decrease the recurrence of melanoma of the eye. PURPOSE: Randomized phase III trial to determine the effectiveness of vaccine therapy in treating patients who are at high risk for recurrent melanoma of the eye.
NCT00002916	Study Title: Surgery and Vaccine Therapy in Treating Patients With Early Cervical Cancer. Brief Summary: RATIONALE: Vaccines made from human papillomavirus may make the body build an immune response to and kill cervical cancer cells. Combining vaccine therapy with surgery may be a more effective treatment for cervical cancer. PURPOSE: This phase II trial is studying how well giving vaccine therapy together with surgery works in treating patients with early cervical cancer.
NCT00112216	Study Title: Immunotherapy of Melanoma Patients. Brief Summary: The purpose of this study is to test whether vaccination with antigenic peptides induces an immune response in the vaccine site sentinel lymph node of patients with microscopically detectable lymph node melanoma metastases.
NCT02134925	Study Title: Vaccine Therapy in Treating Patients With Newly Diagnosed Advanced Colon Polyps. Brief Summary: This randomized phase II clinical trial studies how well MUC1 peptide-poly-ICLC adjuvant vaccine works in treating patients with newly diagnosed advanced colon polyps (adenomatous polyps). Adenomatous polyps are growths in the colon that may develop into colorectal cancer over time. Vaccines made from peptides may help the body build an effective immune response to kill polyp cells. MUC1 peptide-poly-ICLC adjuvant vaccine may also prevent the recurrence of adenomatous polyps and may prevent the development of colorectal cancer.
NCT00454168	Study Title: Vaccine Therapy and GM-CSF in Treating Patients With Acute Myeloid Leukemia in Remission. Brief Summary: RATIONALE: Vaccines made from a peptide may help the body build an effective immune response to kill cancer cells. Colony-stimulating factors, such as GM-CSF, increase the number of white blood cells and platelets found in bone marrow or peripheral blood. Giving vaccine therapy together with GM-CSF may be an effective treatment for acute myeloid leukemia. It is not yet known whether giving vaccine therapy together with GM-CSF is more effective than giving placebo together with GM-CSF in treating acute myeloid leukemia. PURPOSE: This randomized phase III trial is studying vaccine therapy and GM-CSF to see how well they work compared with a placebo and GM-CSF in treating patients with acute myeloid leukemia in remission.
NCT01702792	Study Title: Derivation of Tumor Specific Hybridomas. Brief Summary: This is a non-randomized, open-label study in patients with newly diagnosed glioblastoma to determine the ability to generate human hybridomas from lymph nodes draining an autologous tumor vaccine injection and demonstrate that the hybridomas secrete glioblastoma-specific antibodies.
NCT01436968	Study Title: Phase 3 Study of ProstAtak Immunotherapy With Standard Radiation Therapy for Localized Prostate Cancer. Brief Summary: The purpose of this study is to evaluate the effectiveness of ProstAtak immunotherapy in combination with radiation therapy for patients with intermediate-high risk localized prostate cancer. ProstAtak kills tumor cells and stimulates a cancer vaccine effect. Killing tumor cells in an immune stimulatory environment induces the body's immune system to detect and destroy cancer cells. ProstAtak has shown synergy with radiation without added toxicity and lower than expected recurrence rates in previous clinical trials. The hypothesis is that ProstAtak can lead to improvement in the clinical outcome for patients with prostate cancer. Participants will be randomized to the ProstAtak or control arm at a 2:1 ratio. Both arms receive standard external beam radiation therapy. Short-term androgen deprivation therapy may be given but is not required.
NCT00003568	Study Title: Vaccine Therapy With High-Dose Interleukin-2 in Treating Patients With Metastatic Melanoma. Brief Summary: RATIONALE: Vaccines may make the body build an immune response that will kill tumor cells. Interleukin-2 may stimulate a person's white blood cells to kill melanoma cells. PURPOSE: Randomized phase II trial to study the effectiveness of vaccine therapy with interleukin-2 in treating patients with metastatic melanoma.
NCT06305910	Study Title: CD200AR-L and Allogeneic Tumor Lysate Vaccine Immunotherapy for Recurrent HGG and Newly Diagnosed DMG/DIPG in Children and Young Adults. Brief Summary: This is a single center Phase I study of a new adjuvant CD200 activation receptor ligand, CD200AR-L, in combination with imiquimod and GBM6-AD vaccine to treat malignant glioma in children and young adults. The primary objective of this study is to determine the maximum tolerated dose (MTD) of CD200AR-L when given with a fixed dose of GBM6-AD vaccine, imiquimod, and a single dose of radiation for patients with recurrent High Grade Glioma (HGG) or following standard of care therapy radiation therapy for newly diagnosed Newly Diagnosed Diffuse Midline Glioma/Diffuse Intrinsic Pontine Glioma (DIPG/DMG).
NCT06094101	Study Title: Personalized Vaccination in Fusion+ Sarcoma Patients (PerVision). Brief Summary: The PerVision trial utilizes an approach of a patient-individual cancer vaccine with sarcoma-specific peptides in metastasized fusion-driven sarcoma patients determined by next generation whole exome sequencing of tumor and normal tissue as well as RNA sequencing of the tumor. This approach is applicable to all patients independent of the expression of distinct tumor associated antigens, and independent of their human leukocyte antigen-typing (HLA-typing). The results of this study can directly be translated to other tumor entities. It is an interventional, multicenter, open-label, phase I/II feasibility and early proof of concept study evaluating a personalized peptide vaccine. Primary objective is to evaluate safety and success of treatment, the latter be defined as vaccination-induced T-cell response without unacceptable toxicity.
NCT02364492	Study Title: A Phase I Study of a Therapeutic Vaccine Candidate in Patients With Localized Breast Cancer at High-Risk of Relapse. Brief Summary: The purpose of this study is to evaluate if a maximum tolerated dose (MTD) can be obtained following 2 administrations of the MAG-Tn3 + AS15 cancer vaccine when administered at doses of 30 µg, 100 µg or 300 µg IM every three weeks.
NCT01094496	"Study Title: A Study of the CDX-1307 Vaccine Regimen in Patients With Newly Diagnosed Muscle-Invasive Bladder Cancer (The ""N-ABLE"" Study). Brief Summary: The major purpose of this study is to examine the anti-tumor activity of the CDX-1307 vaccine regimen when it is given before and after bladder cancer surgery. The study will also provide information about the safety of the vaccine regimen when given in combination with chemotherapy, and how it affects the immune systems."
NCT03946358	"Study Title: Combination of UCPVax Vaccine and Atezolizumab for the Treatment of Human Papillomavirus Positive Cancers (VolATIL). Brief Summary: 70% all cases of cervical cancer, 95% of anal cancers and about 70% of oropharyngeal cancers are linked to Human Papillomavirus (HPV) infection. HPV oncogenic proteins are trans-activators of telomerase. Indeed, E6 oncoprotein transactivates the human telomerase (hTert). Our group has conducted a clinical trial (NCT02402842) in advanced squamous cell anal cancer (SCCA) and investigators have shown a correlation between the presence of anti-HPV immunity and anti-telomerase T helpher 1 (TH1) CD4 T cell responses, establishing telomerase as an appropriate antigen in HPV-related cancers. Tumor-reactive CD4+ T cells have been found to ensure efficient effector Cytotoxic T Lymphocytes (CTL) recruitment at the tumor site. Promoting tumor specific TH1 CD4 activation might be an attractive therapeutic option to enhance anti-PD-1/PD-L1 (Programmed cell Death-1/Programmed cell Death-Ligand1) efficacy. However, no option is currently available to expand tumor specific TH1 lymphocytes in most patients. Then, investigators have identified four novel MHC (Major Histocompatibility Complex) class II-restricted peptides derived from human telomerase reverse transcriptase (TERT) referred as ""Universal Cancer Peptides"" (UCP). UCPVax is a therapeutic cancer vaccine developed by our team and composed of two separate peptides called UCP2 and UCP4 derived from telomerase. This UCPVax vaccine is currently evaluated in a multicenter phase I/II study in Non Small Lung Cancer (NSCLC) (NCT2818426) and seems to show to be safe and immunogenic. PD-1/PD-L1 immune checkpoint is a relevant candidate target for immunotherapy in HPV+ cancers, based on the prominent role of PD-1 and its ligand PD-L1 in HPV-driven immune-evasion. There is a strong rational of using PD-1 therapy in HPV+ cancers, however anti-PD-1/PD-L1 treatment induces a limited number of long term responses in HPV disease. Combining anti-PD-1/PD-L1 therapy with an antitumor vaccine gains serious consideration in HPV+ cancers. Indeed, anti-cancer vaccines can induce tumor-specific T cells expansion and activation and therefore restore the cancer-immunity cycle in patients lacking pre-existing anti-tumor responses. So investigators propose to determine the clinical interest and immunological efficacy of a treatment combining the CD4 helper T-inducer cancer vaccine (UCPVax) with atezolizumab in patients with HPV+ cancers by evaluation of the objective response rate at 4 months according to iRecist criteria."
NCT05238558	Study Title: Safety and Immune Response to FMPV-1. Brief Summary: This is a single centre, open-label, non-randomized, Phase I study assessing safety and immune response of FMPV-1 in healthy male subjects.
NCT00935558	Study Title: Dendritic Cell Based Therapy for Breast Cancer Patients. Brief Summary: The primary aim of this study is to investigate time to progression in breast cancer patients vaccinated with autologous dendritic cells pulsed with peptides in combination with adjuvant aromatase inhibitor (AI), Thymosin 1 alpha and interleukin-2. The secondary aim is to investigate whether a measurable immune response can be induced, and to evaluate the clinical effect (objective response rate) of the vaccination regime.
NCT00415857	Study Title: Proteinase 3 PR1 Peptide Mixed With Montanide ISA-51 VG Adjuvant and Administered With GM-CSF and PEG-INTRON(R). Brief Summary: The goal of this clinical research study is to find out if using the PR1 peptide vaccine (PR1) without PEG-Intron (interferon) or in combination with interferon can reduce or eliminate disease in patients who have CML that is in cytogenetic remission after treatment with imatinib mesylate, but who still have small amounts of disease able to be noticed (detected). Researchers want to see if giving low doses of interferon together with PR1 may make the vaccine more effective. The safety of treatment in this study will also be studied.
NCT02609022	Study Title: Safety, Tolerability and Immunogenic Response of CV-MG01 in Patients With Myasthenia Gravis. Brief Summary: Study CV-0002 is the first clinical trial administering CV-MG01 in humans. This clinical trial is a safety and proof-of-concept study (proof of mechanism of action) intended to assess the safety, tolerability and immunogenic response following 3 subcutaneous injections of CV-MG01 as a potential therapeutic vaccine / active immunotherapy in myasthenia gravis (MG) patients.
NCT00705835	Study Title: Vaccine Therapy of Prostate Cancer Patients With Recombinant Soluble Prostate-Specific Membrane Antigen (Rs-PSMA) Plus the Immunological Adjuvant Alhydrogel. Brief Summary: The purpose of this research is to help us study a vaccine treatment for patients with prostate cancer. A vaccine is a medicine that teaches the body to destroy harmful infections and other diseases, such as cancer. Your immune system is made up of many different types of cells which fight infection and disease in your body. A vaccine may stimulate the immune system to destroy the cancer cells. It may also help to slow the growth of the cancer. The vaccine is a solution given as an injection into or under the skin. It is made up of several parts. The first part is PSMA, a protein present in many cancers, especially prostate cancer. It is referred to as rsPSMA when made in a laboratory for this study and is mixed with a material called Alhydrogel (aluminum hydroxide suspension) which helps the immune system to make more cancer-fighting cells.
NCT00089063	Study Title: Vaccine Therapy With or Without Sargramostim in Treating Patients Who Have Undergone Surgery for Melanoma. Brief Summary: This randomized phase II trial is studying vaccine therapy and sargramostim to see how well they work compared to vaccine therapy alone in treating patients who have undergone surgery for stage IIB, stage IIC, stage III, or stage IV melanoma. Vaccines made from peptides may make the body build an immune response to kill tumor cells. Colony-stimulating factors such as sargramostim increase the number of immune cells found in bone marrow or peripheral blood. Combining vaccine therapy with sargramostim may make a stronger immune response.
NCT00124124	Study Title: Comparison of Dendritic Cells Versus Montanide as Adjuvants in a Melanoma Vaccine. Brief Summary: In this study, a melanoma vaccine (5 melanoma peptides) is given with either Montanide or dendritic cells as adjuvants. This randomized trial will establish the safety of both vaccines and compare the 2 vaccine adjuvants in their efficacy to induce immune responses.
NCT03162224	Study Title: Safety and Efficacy of MEDI0457 and Durvalumab in Participants With Human Papilloma Virus (HPV) Associated Recurrent/Metastatic Head and Neck Cancer. Brief Summary: This is a Phase 1b/2a, open-label, multi-center study to evaluate the safety and tolerability, anti-tumor activity, and immunogenicity of MEDI0457 (also known as INO 3112) a HPV Deoxyribonucleic Acid (DNA) vaccine in combination with durvalumab (also known as MEDI4736) which is a human monoclonal antibody directed against Programmed Death Ligand 1 (PD-L1), which blocks the interaction of PD-L1 with PD-1 and Cluster of differentiation 80 (CD80). An initial three to 12 participants (Safety Analysis Run-in participants) will be enrolled and assessed for safety before additional participants are enrolled. The initial safety analysis run-in participants along with an approximate total of 50 participants with human papilloma virus associated recurrent or metastatic head and neck squamous cell cancer (HNSCC) will be enrolled in this study and evaluated also for anti-tumor efficacy to MEDI0457 in combination with durvalumab.
NCT02826434	Study Title: Adjuvant PVX-410 Vaccine and Durvalumab in Stage II/III Triple Negative Breast Cancer. Brief Summary: The purpose of this research study is to evaluate Immunotherapy with a peptide vaccine and Programmed Death Ligand 1 (PD-L1) inhibitor as a possible adjuvant treatment for Stage II or III Triple Negative Breast Cancer. This research study is studying the safety, tolerability, and immune response of these treatments. The names of the study interventions involved in this study are: * PVX-410 Vaccine\* Durvalumab (MEDI4736).
NCT02211027	Study Title: Biological Vaccine: Semi-allogeneic Human Fibroblasts (MRC-5) Transfected With DNA. Brief Summary: Hypothesis The incidence of toxicity in patients receiving the tumor DNA-transfected fibroblast vaccine will be acceptably low and the immunologic response rate sufficiently high to warrant further study of this therapy. The study of the vaccine will proceed in two stages after the method of Simon (102). In the first stage, 15 patients will be accrued and treated. If two or fewer objective immunologic responses occur, the study will be terminated. If 3 or more responses are observed, the study will proceed to the second stage, accruing an additional 22 patients. If the second stage is complete and a total of 9 or more immunologic responses are observed among the 37 patients treated, the treatment response rate for the vaccine will be considered high enough to warrant further study. Conversely, if the evaluation of the vaccine concludes at the first stage, or if 8 or fewer total immunologic responses occur after completing the second stage, the vaccine will not be considered for further study.
NCT00001827	Study Title: p53 Vaccine for Ovarian Cancer. Brief Summary: This study will examine whether vaccination with a p53 peptide can boost an immune response to ovarian cancer and what the side effects are of the vaccine. Many patients with ovarian cancer have an altered (mutated) gene called p53 that causes the production of abnormal proteins found in their tumor cells. The body s immune system may try, unsuccessfully, to fight these abnormal proteins. In this study, ovarian cancer patients with a p53 abnormality will be vaccinated with a p53 peptide a part of the same abnormal protein found in their tumor to try to boost their body s immune response to the cancer. Patients will be divided into two groups. Group A will have four p53 peptide vaccinations three weeks apart, injected under the skin. The injection will include a drug called ISA-51, which increases the effect of the vaccine. This group will also receive two other drugs that boost the immune system, IL-2 and GM-CSF. Group B will have four p53 peptide vaccinations three weeks apart. The peptide will be mixed with the patient s own blood cells and infused into a vein. This group will also receive IL-2, but not GM-CSF. All study candidates will be tested to see if their cancer has a p53 abnormality and if their immune system mounted a defense against it. These tests may include a tumor biopsy (removal of a small part of the tumor for microscopic examination); lymphapheresis (a procedure to take blood, remove white blood cells called lymphocytes, and return the red cells); and an immune response test similar to a skin test for tuberculosis. During the study, patients will have additional skin tests and blood tests.
NCT00003224	Study Title: Vaccine Therapy in Treating Patients With Metastatic Melanoma. Brief Summary: RATIONALE: Vaccines made from peptide 946 may make the body build an immune response to kill tumor cells. Combining these vaccines with proteins from the tetanus vaccine, and/or with either QS21 or Montanide ISA-51 may be an effective treatment for metastatic melanoma. PURPOSE: Randomized phase I trial to study the effectiveness of vaccines made from peptide 946 with or without tetanus peptide, QS21, or Montanide ISA-51 in treating patients with metastatic melanoma that cannot be surgically removed or with melanoma that is likely to recur.
NCT06406816	Study Title: Neoantigen Vaccine Plus Capecitabine as Adjuvant Therapy for Intrahepatic Cholangiocarcinoma After Radical Resection. Brief Summary: This study is a single-arm, open-label, exploratory clinical trial, with the primary objective to evaluate the efficacy and safety of the Neoantigen Vaccine plus capecitabine for the treatment of high-intermediate risk recurrent intrahepatic cholangiocarcinoma.
NCT01846143	Study Title: Evaluation of a Multi-phosphopeptide Vaccine Plus PolyICLC in Participants With High Risk and Advanced Malignancies. Brief Summary: The purpose of this study is to learn what effects (good and bad) experimental phosphopeptide vaccines plus a tetanus peptide and other substances called polyICLC and Montanide ISA-51 have on people with melanoma. The investigators will also look at whether the experimental reagents cause any changes in the immune system.
NCT00003638	Study Title: Vaccine Therapy in Treating Women With Metastatic Breast Cancer. Brief Summary: RATIONALE: Drugs used in chemotherapy use different ways to stop tumor cells from dividing so they stop growing or die. Vaccines may make the body build an immune response to kill tumor cells. It is not yet known whether THERATOPE vaccine therapy is more effective than standard vaccine therapy in treating metastatic breast cancer. PURPOSE: Randomized double blinded phase III trial to compare the effectiveness of THERATOPE vaccine therapy with that of standard vaccine therapy in treating women who have metastatic breast cancer.
NCT06218303	Study Title: Prototype DAA/TAA Vaccine Targeting MUC1 for Immune Interception and Prevention in Ductal Carcinoma In Situ. Brief Summary: Post-menopausal women with biopsy-proven DCIS will be enrolled into two cohorts. One cohort will receive neoadjuvant therapy with an aromatase inhibitor alone for about 12 weeks prior to surgery at 12 weeks. The second cohort will receive neoadjuvant therapy with an aromatase inhibitor and MUC1 vaccination (MUC1 peptide + Hiltonol) pre-operatively at baseline, and weeks 2 and 10, followed by surgery at about 12 weeks. Patients in the vaccine cohort will be offered an optional boost vaccine 6 months after surgery.
NCT04455503	Study Title: Study of Adjuvant Immunotherapy With EVX-02 and Anti-PD-1. Brief Summary: This is a Phase 1/2, open label, multi-centre study to assess the safety, tolerability, PD, and efficacy of adjuvant immunotherapy EVX-02 vaccine and anti-PD-1 (Nivolumab) in patients who have had a complete resection of a Stage IIIB/IIIC/IIID or Stage IV melanoma who are at high risk of recurrence.
NCT00923910	Study Title: Wilm's Tumor 1 Protein Vaccine to Treat Cancers of the Blood. Brief Summary: Background: * Most patients with acute lymphoblastic leukemia (ALL) and many patients with acute myelogenous leukemia (AML), chronic myelogenous leukemia (CML) and non-Hodgkin's lymphoma (NHL) have a protein called Wilm's Tumor 1 (WT1) in their cancer cells. This protein is thought to be able to influence the growth of these cancers. * A vaccine made with the WT1 protein may boost the immune system to help fight these cancers in patients whose cancer cells contain the protein. Objectives: * To determine the safety, effectiveness and side effects of giving the WT1 vaccine and donor white blood cells to patients with AML, ALL, CML or NHL who have previously received standard treatment and undergone stem cell transplantation. * To determine the immune response to the WT1 vaccine and donor white blood cells in these patients and to determine if the response is related to the amount of WT1 protein in the patient's cancer cells. Eligibility: * Patients between 1 and 75 years of age with the blood antigen human leukocyte antigen (HLA-A2) and the WT1 cancer protein who have persistent or recurrent blood cancers after stem cell transplantation. * The prior stem cell transplant donor must be willing to provide additional cells, which will be used to prepare the cellular vaccines and for donor lymphocyte (white blood cell) infusions. Design: * Patients are given the WT1 vaccine every 2 weeks for 6 weeks (weeks 0, 2, 4, 6, 8, 10). Each vaccination consists of two injections in the upper arm or thigh. * On weeks 0, 4 and 8, patients also receive white blood cells from a donor to enhance the immune response. The cells are also given as a 15- to 30-minute infusion through a vein about 1 hour after the vaccine injection. Donor infusions are given only to patients with mild or no graft-vs-host disease resulting from their prior stem cell transplantation. * Periodic physical examinations, blood and urine tests, scans to evaluate disease and other tests as needed are done for 12 months after enrollment in the study.
NCT06252584	Study Title: Multi-peptide Vaccination Adjuvanted With XS15 in Acute Myeloid Leukemia Patients. Brief Summary: The aim of this Phase I study is to evaluate the immunogenicity along with safety and toxicity as well as first efficacy of a multi-peptide vaccine adjuvanted with the TLR1/2 ligand XS15 emulsified in Montanide ISA 51 VG (AML-VAC-XS15) in AML patients who have achieved CR or CRi with first line treatment.
NCT04277221	Study Title: ADCTA for Adjuvant Immunotherapy in Standard Treatment of Recurrent Glioblastoma Multiforme (GBM). Brief Summary: To confirm the result of previous Phase I/II and phase II clinical trials, this trial is to test the efficacy and safety of ADCTA immunotherapy plus the standard therapy in comparison with standard therapy alone in patients with recurrent GBM.
NCT04590521	Study Title: HPV Vaccine Immunity in High-risk Women. Brief Summary: This is a single arm immunological study based in Vietnam. The study will examine human papillomavirus (HPV) vaccine responses in high-risk women (female-sex-worker; FSW). We aim to recruit 60 women (aged 18-25 years old) and provide them with a standard 3-dose schedule of licensed 4vHPV vaccine (Gardasil, Merck). Blood and cervical swab samples will be collected for immunology and virology testing, respectively.
NCT01885702	Study Title: Dendritic Cell Vaccination in Patients With Lynch Syndrome or Colorectal Cancer With MSI. Brief Summary: Objectives: In this Radboud University Nijmegen Medical Centre (RUNMC) initiated study our first objective is to investigate toxicity (safety and feasibility) of vaccination with frameshift-derived neoantigen-loaded DC of CRC patients with an MSI-positive CRC and persons who are known to be carrier of a germline MMR-gene mutation with no signs of disease yet. The secondary objectives of the study are: * to demonstrate that peptide-loaded DC can induce or enhance an immune response to tumor-associated antigen CEA and specific frameshift-derived neoantigens in the study population. * to study the pathological and clinical responses, e.g. disease-free survival, determined according to the standard protocol. Study design: This study is a phase I/II open-label study. Study population: Two groups of adults will be vaccinated: Group I) CRC patients, who are known to carry a germline MMR-gene mutation and patients with an MSI-positive CRC and yet unknown or negative MMR-gene mutation status. Group II) persons who are known to be carrier of a germline MMR-gene mutation with no signs of disease yet. All participants need to be HLA-A2.1 positive.
NCT03807102	"Study Title: Trial of Tumor Vaccine Used for Adjuvant Therapy in Post Radical Operation Patients With Lung Cancer. Brief Summary: Tumor vaccines may make the body build an immune response to kill tumor cells. This research study is evaluating a new type of tumor vaccine termed as ""Neoantigen Tumor Vaccine"". The purpose of this phase I/II trial study is to assess the safety and effectiveness of neoantigentumor vaccine in post radical operation patients with stage IIIA lung cancer."
NCT06054308	Study Title: Mesothelin-targeted CAR-T Cells as a Neo-adjuvant Treatment in Patients With Resectable Pancreatic Cancers: a Feasibility Study. Brief Summary: Pancreatic ductal adenocarcinoma (PDAC) is a cancer of grave prognosis, with only about 10% of patients alive at 5 years after diagnosis. Primary surgical resection is feasible in about 10-15% of patients with an early-stage disease. Another 30-35% of patients have locally advanced disease with invasion into major vasculature but without detectable metastases. Surgery offers a chance of cure. The introduction of adjuvant multi-agent chemotherapy has improved prognosis after surgery. In the management of patients with PDAC, the role of neoadjuvant therapy is less certain. Neoadjuvant therapy for pancreatic cancer can in theory control early systemic spread and improve rate of having no macroscopic or microscopic residual tumor (R0 resection). In the The European Study Group for Pancreatic Cancer (ESPAC-5) study, neoadjuvant combination chemotherapy did not increase rate of resection who had borderline-resectable disease but appears to improve overall survival (OS). Chimeric antigen receptor (CAR) T-cell therapy may represent a new paradigm in the treatment of pancreatic cancer. Mesothelin (MSLN) is a 40 kDa membrane protein not expressed in normal cells, but highly expressed in a variety of cancer cells, such as mesothelioma, lung, breast, ovarian, gastric and pancreatic cancer. MSLN is expressed about 80% of PDAC. There are several immunotherapies targeting MSLN for PDAC treatment, including antibody-based drugs (monoclonal antibodies, antibody-drug conjugates, immunotoxins), vaccines, and CAR-T cell therapy. The safety of CAR-T cells targeting MSLN in the treatment of cancers has also been verified in several clinical trials on lung cancers (NCT01583686, NCT02414269, NCT01355965). Professor Li Peng's group at the Chinese Academy of Science designed third generation CAR-T cells targeting MSLN and validated their use in both human PDAC cell lines, animal models, and in 4 patients with advanced malignancies. In a 42-year-old man with metastatic PDAC, the MSLN targeted CAR-T treatment led to complete response follow several hepatic artery infusion and intravenous infusion. These early cases confirmed the safety of these MSLN targeted CAR-T cells. In the current proposed feasibility study, the researcher hypothesise that Endoscopic ultrasound (EUS)-guided injection of MSLN targeted CAR-T cells into PDAC can induce a tumor response, improve rate of R0 resection and translate into better patient survival.
NCT00938223	Study Title: Evaluation of the Immunogenicity of Vaccination With Multiple Synthetic Melanoma Peptides With Granulocyte-macrophage Colony-stimulating Factor (GM-CSF)-In-Adjuvant, in Patients With Advanced Melanoma. Brief Summary: This is an open-label, phase II study of a vaccine comprising melanoma peptides and a tetanus helper peptide, administered in GM-CSF-in-adjuvant. Patients will be randomized to receive one of two different vaccine regimens. Patients will be stratified by stage of disease (IIB versus III versus IV).
NCT00003895	Study Title: Vaccine Therapy in Treating HLA-A2 Positive Patients With Melanoma. Brief Summary: This randomized pilot phase II trial studies how well vaccine therapy works in treating human leukocyte antigen class 1 histocompatibility, A-2 (HLA-A2) positive patients with melanoma. Vaccines made from peptides may help the body build an effective immune response to kill tumor cells.
NCT00025181	Study Title: Monoclonal Antibody and Vaccine Therapy in Treating Patients With Stage III or Stage IV Melanoma That Has Been Removed During Surgery. Brief Summary: RATIONALE: Monoclonal antibodies can locate tumor cells and either kill them or deliver tumor-killing substances to them without harming normal cells. Vaccines made from a person's cancer cells may make the body build an immune response to kill tumor cells. PURPOSE: Phase I trial to study the effectiveness of combining monoclonal antibody therapy and vaccine therapy in treating patients who have stage III or stage IV melanoma that has been removed during surgery.
NCT01081223	Study Title: Phase I/II Study To Test The Safety and Efficacy of TVI-Brain-1 As A Treatment For Recurrent Grade IV Glioma. Brief Summary: TVI-Brain-1 is an experimental treatment that takes advantage of the fact that your body can produce immune cells, called 'killer' white blood cells that have the ability to kill large numbers of the cancer cells that are present in your body. TVI-Brain-1 is designed to generate large numbers of those 'killer' white blood cells and to deliver those cells into your body so that they can kill your cancer cells.
NCT01585350	Study Title: A Multipeptide Vaccine Plus Toll-Like Receptor Agonists in Melanoma Patients. Brief Summary: The purpose of this study is to learn the effects an experimental vaccine (MELITAC 12.1) combined with other substances called lipopolysaccharide (LPS; endotoxin), polyICLC, and Montanide ISA-51. The LPS, polyICLC, and Montanide ISA-51 are included with the vaccine to test whether they have an effect on the MELITAC 12.1 vaccine. The study will also look at whether the experimental vaccine and these drugs cause any changes to the immune system.
NCT00022438	Study Title: Vaccine Therapy With or Without Interleukin-2 in Treating Patients With Metastatic Melanoma That Has Not Responded to Previous Treatment. Brief Summary: RATIONALE: Vaccines may make the body build an immune response to kill tumor cells. Interleukin-2 may stimulate a person's white blood cells to kill tumor cells. Combining vaccine therapy with interleukin-2 may be an effective treatment for metastatic melanoma. PURPOSE: Randomized phase II trial to compare the effectiveness of vaccine therapy plus interleukin-2 to that of vaccine therapy alone in treating patients who have metastatic melanoma that has not responded to previous treatment.
NCT00030823	Study Title: Vaccine Therapy in Treating Patients at High Risk for Breast Cancer Recurrence. Brief Summary: RATIONALE: Vaccines may make the body build an immune response and decrease the recurrence of breast cancer. PURPOSE: Pilot trial to study the effectiveness of vaccine therapy in treating patients who are at high risk for breast cancer recurrence.
NCT05163223	Study Title: Therapeutic Cancer Vaccine (AST-301, pNGVL3-hICD) in Patients With Breast Cancer. Brief Summary: The purpose of this study is to evaluate the efficacy and safety of an adjuvant treatment of therapeutic cancer vaccine (AST-301, pNGVL3-hICD) in patients with HER2-low expression (IHC 1+ or 2+ and ISH-) and hormone receptor-negative(ER-, PR-) breast cancer with residual disease after neoadjuvant treatment. Patients will be randomized 1:1 to either the Experimental arm (combination of AST-301/rhuGM CSF and standard adjuvant therapy) or the Control arm (combination of placebo/rhuGM CSF and standard adjuvant therapy). Standard adjuvant chemotherapy will be pembrolizumab or capecitabine. Adjuvant therapy will be administered in compliance with the NCCN guideline for breast cancer (Version 8, 2021), and IP (AST-301) will be administered 3 times every 3 weeks in the adjuvant treatment period, with a booster administered at 24 weeks (±7 days) post the third dose of IP administration. Survival follow up will be performed to determine invasive Disease Free survival(iDFS).
NCT00273910	Study Title: Evaluation of the Impact of Adjuvants Accompanying Peptide Immunization in High-Risk Melanoma. Brief Summary: This study will evaluate the immunization effects of a vaccine for patients who are at risk for recurrence of their skin cancer. That is, the risk of cancer is higher if melanoma has invaded deep into the skin or lymph nodes. Currently, the only therapy that the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) has approved for preventing recurrence of melanoma is alpha-interferon. But the research data are controversial. In this study, the vaccine to be used, called gp100, contains a piece of a protein called a peptide, which melanoma cancer cells produce. Patients 16 and older who have had confirmed melanoma surgically removed and whose tissue type is tested as being human leukocyte antigen serotype within HLA-A serotype group (HLA-A2), through a specific blood test, may be eligible for this study. Up to 132 participants will be enrolled. There will be a physical examination and collection of blood samples for tests, and making sure that x-rays and scans are current. Patients will be randomly assigned to four groups. Group 1 will receive the peptide with an adjuvant (assistant) oil-based liquid called Montanide ISA-51, as an injection in the thigh. Group 2 will receive gp100, Montanide, and a cream called imiquimod, which the FDA has approved for treating genital warts and herpes but that may help immune cells in the skin to recognize the vaccine. Imiquimod will be applied to the skin for 5 days. Group 3 will receive gp100 mixed in salt water given as several mini-doses under the skin of the thigh. Group 4 will also receive several mini-doses of gp100 mixed in saline, as well as imiquimod cream applied to the skin for 5 days. All patients will receive the gp100 every 3 weeks for 12 weeks. Every dose is a cycle, with four cycles considered a course of therapy. If the melanoma does not return or patients do not experience side effects from this therapy, then the courses of vaccine will repeated for up to 12 cycles of therapy (3 courses over 33 weeks). Side effects of the peptide vaccination include local swelling, swelling of local lymph nodes, bruising, and pain and redness at the injection sites. There may be chills or fever. Patients will be watched closely for such side effects. To study how the vaccine changes the action of cells in the immune system, patients' white blood cells (lymphocytes) will be obtained, involving a separate informed consent. The procedure, called leukaphersis, requires inserting a needle into the arm, to obtain blood going into a machine, which divides the blood into red cells, plasma (or the serum part), and lymphocytes. The lymphocytes are removed, and the plasma and red cells returned to the patient through a second needle in the other arm. Risks associated with the procedure include fainting, which can be prevented by patients' eating before coming to the lab, and bleeding and infection at the needle site. Patients will undergo leukapheresis will be done about four times: before receiving the vaccine, 3 weeks after the first four doses, and then after 8 cycles and 12 cycles. Patients assigned to the groups receiving imiquimod will be asked to record every time they apply that cream and describe any symptoms developed during the study. All patients will be watched closely for any sign that their melanoma has returned. Before and throughout the study, multiple blood tests will be conducted. The vaccine, Montanide, and imiquimod may increase patients' immune system in fighting off new tumors, but that is not known now. However, the study may provide information that will be useful in treating melanoma patients in the future.
NCT00389610	Study Title: Adjuvant GVAX Vaccine Therapy in Patients With Pancreatic Cancer. Brief Summary: This is an open label, phase II trial study of adjuvant GVAX pancreas vaccine in patients with pancreatic cancer.
NCT01072981	Study Title: Immunotherapy Study for Surgically Resected Pancreatic Cancer. Brief Summary: The purpose of this study is to assess overall survival after treatment with a regimen of adjuvant therapy (Gemcitabine alone or with 5-FU chemoradiation) with or without HyperAcute-Pancreas (algenpantucel-L) immunotherapy in subjects who have undergone surgical resection.
NCT05642195	Study Title: Evaluation of a Cancer Lysate Vaccine and Montanide (Registered Trademark) ISA-51 VG With or Without the IL-15 Super-Agonist N-803 as Adjuvant Therapy for PD-L1 Negative Non-Small Cell Lung Cancer. Brief Summary: Background: Surgery is the primary treatment for non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) that is diagnosed in its earlier stages. But the tumors often return. Radiation and chemotherapy can improve survival in some people who have had surgery for NSCLC, but these treatments also cause serious side effects. A new approach, called immunotherapy, may be a better way to stop NSCLC tumors from coming back. Objective: To test a new treatment (H1299 lung cancer cell vaccine combined with the drug N-803) in people who received surgery for NSCLC. Eligibility: Adults aged 18 years or older with no sign of disease after surgery for NSCLC. Design: Participants will be screened. They will have a physical exam with blood tests. They will have tests of their heart and lung function. They will have imaging scans. Study treatment will be given in 28-day cycles. Participants will visit the clinic on the first day of each cycle. They will receive 2 treatments at each visit: The study vaccine is given as 2-4 small shots under the skin of the thigh or arm. N-803 is given as a shot under the skin of the abdomen. Treatment will continue for 6 cycles. Blood tests and imaging scans will be repeated throughout the study. Participants will have a blood test 1 month after receiving the 6th vaccine. Some participants may then resume taking N-803; they may also receive 2 more vaccinations at 3 and 6 months after their previous treatment. Follow-up visits will continue for up to 5 years.
NCT03633110	Study Title: Safety, Tolerability, Immunogenicity, and Antitumor Activity of GEN-009 Adjuvanted Vaccine. Brief Summary: In this study, Genocea is evaluating an investigational, personalized adjuvanted vaccine, GEN-009, that is being developed for the treatment of patients with solid tumors. A proprietary tool developed by Genocea, called ATLAS (Antigen Lead Acquisition System) will be used to identify neoantigens in each patient's tumor that are recognized by their CD4 and/or CD8 T cells. ATLAS-identified neoantigens will then be incorporated into a patient's personalized vaccine in the form of synthetic long peptides (SLPs).
NCT00016146	Study Title: Vaccine Therapy Plus Biological Therapy in Treating Patients With Prostate Cancer. Brief Summary: RATIONALE: Vaccines may make the body build an immune response to kill tumor cells. Biological therapies use different ways to stimulate the immune system and stop cancer cells from growing. Combining vaccine therapy with biological therapy may kill more tumor cells. PURPOSE: Phase I trial to study the effectiveness in combining vaccine therapy and biological therapy in treating patients who have relapsed prostate cancer.
NCT06306846	Study Title: Neoadjuvant SBRT in Localized Advanced HNSCC. Brief Summary: The response rate of HNSCC to immune checkpoint blockade was not satisfied. Improving the mPR rate of neoadjuvant immunotherapy through the combination with other treatment methods is an important way to further improve the prognosis of such patients. This study aims to explore the efficacy and safety of PD-1 monoclonal antibody with neoadjvant SBRT and chemotherapy. The triple mode not only can Increase the effectiveness of neoadjuvant therapy，meanwhile，the in situ tumor vaccine inoculation effect generated by enhancing the release of specific antigens after tumor radiotherapy with PD-1 monoclonal antibody achieves a sustained anti-tumor immune effect throughout the body， reducing postoperative adjuvant radiotherapy and chemotherapy. The triple mode has important exploratory value in achieving high quality and long-term survival for patients, and may provides a more efficient mode for locally advanced HNSCC.
NCT00012246	Study Title: Vaccine Therapy in Treating Patients With Cancer of the Gastrointestinal Tract. Brief Summary: RATIONALE: Vaccines may make the body build an immune response to kill tumor cells. PURPOSE: Randomized phase II trial to compare the effectiveness of two different vaccines in treating patients who have cancer of the gastrointestinal tract.
NCT00071981	Study Title: Vaccine Therapy Using Melanoma Peptides for Cytotoxic T Cells and Helper T Cells in Treating Patients With Metastatic Melanoma. Brief Summary: RATIONALE: Vaccines made from peptides may make the body build an immune response to kill tumor cells. PURPOSE: This randomized phase II trial is studying four different vaccines using melanoma peptides from cytotoxic T cells and helper T cells to see how well they work in treating patients with metastatic melanoma.
NCT04627246	Study Title: Personalized Vaccine With SOC Chemo Followed by Nivo in Pancreatic Cancer. Brief Summary: Phase Ib clinical trial using Autologous Dendritic Cell Vaccine Loaded with Personalized Peptides (PEP) in order to stimulate/induce both innate and adaptive immunity by activating T-cells and Natural Killer (NK) cells, combined with standard of care (SOC) adjuvant chemotherapy, followed by nivolumab, an antibody against Programmed Cell Death 1 (PD-1), to maintain and boost the vaccine's effect in patients with non-metastatic resectable pancreatic adenocarcinoma.
NCT06353646	Study Title: XH001 Combination With Ipilimumab and Chemotherapy for Patients With Resected Pancreatic Cancer. Brief Summary: This is a single-center, open label, single-arm, investigator-initiated study to evaluate the efficacy and safety of XH001 (neoantigen cancer vaccine) sequential combination with ipilimumab and chemotherapy in pancreatic cancer patients following surgical resection.
NCT00300950	Study Title: Safety and Efficacy of the Therapeutic Vaccine GI-4000 in Combination With Gemcitabine Versus Placebo for the Treatment of Non-metastatic, Post-resection Pancreas Cancer. Brief Summary: The GI-4000 therapeutic vaccine or placebo will be injected under the skin of post-resection, non-metastatic pancreas cancer patients. Patients will be monitored for recurrence as well as safety, and immune responses related to the injections.
NCT04810910	"Study Title: Personalized Neoantigen Vaccine in Pancreatic Cancer Patients Following Surgical Resection and Adjuvant Chemotherapy. Brief Summary: This research study is evaluating a new type of pancreatic cancer vaccine called ""Personalized Neoantigen Cancer Vaccine"" as a possible treatment for pancreatic cancer patients following surgical resection and adjuvant chemotherapy. The purpose of the clinical study is evaluating the safety, tolerability and partial efficacy of the personalized neoantigen cancer vaccine in the treatment of resectable pancreatic cancer, so as to provide a new personalized therapeutic strategy. It is known that cancer patients have mutations (changes in genetic material) that are specific to an individual patient and tumor. These mutations can cause the tumor cells to produce proteins that appear very different from the body's own cells. It is possible that these proteins used in a vaccine may induce strong immune responses, which may help the participant's body fight any tumor cells that could cause the cancer to come back in the future. The study will examine the safety of the vaccine when given at several different time points and will examine the participant's blood cells for signs that the vaccine induced an immune response."
NCT03897881	Study Title: An Efficacy Study of Adjuvant Treatment With the Personalized Cancer Vaccine mRNA-4157 and Pembrolizumab in Participants With High-Risk Melanoma (KEYNOTE-942). Brief Summary: The purpose of this study is to assess whether postoperative adjuvant therapy with mRNA-4157 and pembrolizumab improves recurrence free survival (RFS) compared to pembrolizumab alone in participants with complete resection of cutaneous melanoma and a high risk of recurrence.
NCT02924038	Study Title: A Study of Varlilumab and IMA950 Vaccine Plus Poly-ICLC in Patients With WHO Grade II Low-Grade Glioma (LGG). Brief Summary: This is a pilot, randomized, two arm neoadjuvant vaccine study in human leukocyte antigen-A2 positive (HLA-A2+) adults with World Health Organization (WHO) grade II glioma, for which surgical resection of the tumor is clinically indicated. Co-primary objectives are to determine: 1) the safety of the novel combination of subcutaneously administered IMA950 peptides and poly-ICLC (Hiltonol) and i.v. administered CDX-1127 (Varlilumab) in the neoadjuvant approach; and 2) whether addition of i.v. CDX-1127 (Varlilumab) increases the response rate and magnitude of CD4+ and CD8+ T-cell responses against the IMA950 peptides in post-vaccine peripheral blood mononuclear cell (PBMC) samples obtained from participating patients.
NCT00651703	Study Title: Safety and Immunogenicity of CYT004-MelQbG10 Vaccine With and Without Adjuvant in Advanced Stage Melanoma Patients. Brief Summary: The purpose of this study is to evaluate a specific cellular immune response in melanoma patients that have been vaccinated with a Melan-A VLP vaccine alone or in combination with different adjuvants.
NCT00290355	Study Title: Study to Test the Efficacy of the Vaccine GSK 249553 in Treating Non-small-cell Lung Cancer After Tumour Removal by Surgery. Brief Summary: Patients will receive injections of GSK 249553 vaccine . Appropriate tests will be performed to assess the safety of the treatment and its ability to induce an immune response.
NCT02261714	Study Title: Antigen-specific Cancer Immunotherapy (TG01) and Gemcitabine as Adjuvant Therapy in Resected Pancreatic Cancer. Brief Summary: The purpose of this study is to investigate the effect of TG01 and Granulocyte macrophage colony stimulating factor (GM-CSF) when given in addition to gemcitabine (chemotherapy) and \* Understand any possible side effects of the additional use of TG01/GM-CSF with gemcitabine\* Investigate whether TG01/GM-CSF when given with gemcitabine can produce an immune response\* Investigate if the treatment can delay or reduce recurrence of the disease.
NCT03761914	Study Title: Galinpepimut-S in Combination With Pembrolizumab in Patients With Selected Advanced Cancers. Brief Summary: To evaluate the safety and tolerability of galinpepimut-S in combination with pembrolizumab in patients with selected advanced cancers. Patients will be followed long-term for Overall Survival (OS) and safety. The study will enroll approximately 90 patients and maximum study treatment duration is approximately 2.13 years.
NCT00003023	Study Title: Monoclonal Antibody A1G4 Plus BCG in Treating Patients With Cancer. Brief Summary: RATIONALE: Monoclonal antibodies can locate tumor cells and either kill them or deliver tumor-killing substances to them without harming normal cells. Combining monoclonal antibody A1G4 with BCG may kill more tumor cells. PURPOSE: Phase I trial to study the effectiveness of monoclonal antibody A1G4 plus BCG in treating patients with cancer.
NCT00140738	Study Title: Safety and Immunogenicity Study of the New dHER2 Vaccine to Treat HER2-positive Metastatic Breast Cancer. Brief Summary: Patients will receive a maximum of 18 injections of dHER2 vaccine in a treatment schedule that will last for up to about a year, and thereafter there will be a follow-up period of about one more year.
NCT04713514	Study Title: OSE2101 Alone or in Combination With Pembrolizumab vs BSC in Patient With Platinum-sensitive Recurrent OC. Brief Summary: The proposed study is an international randomized phase II, multicenter, open-label, three arms trial to assess best supportive care (BSC) vs OSE2101 and vs OSE2101 + pembrolizumab as maintenance treatment for patients with platinum sensitive relapsed ovarian cancers, previously treated with chemotherapy (regardless of the number of prior lines of platinum-based chemotherapy), bevacizumab (if eligible) and a PARP inhibitor (if eligible). Patients in Complete Response, Partial Response, or Stable Disease at the end of chemotherapy with at least 4 cycles of platinum based chemotherapy will be randomized in one of the three arms (randomization 1:1:2). They will receive one or the two study treatments or BSC until progression, or intolerance, or up to 2 years (from 1st study treatment dose).
NCT05045755	Study Title: The Durability of Protection and Immuno-persistence Study of a Recombinant HPV 16/18 Bivalent Vaccine in Female. Brief Summary: The primary objective of this study is to evaluate the durability of protection and immuno-persistence of Recombinant Human Papillomavirus Bivalent (Types 16,18) Vaccine administered in females aged 18-45 years.
NCT00145158	Study Title: Immunization With 8 Peptides Mixed With CpG 7909 or Montanide ISA51 in Patients With Metastatic Cutaneous Melanoma. Brief Summary: The purposes of this study are to describe the immune response to individual peptides after immunization with a combination of 8 peptides and CpG 7909 or Montanide ISA51; to determine the safety of the vaccines and; to document the tumor response in patients receiving the vaccines.
NCT01970358	"Study Title: A Phase I Study With a Personalized NeoAntigen Cancer Vaccine in Melanoma. Brief Summary: This research study is evaluating a new type of melanoma vaccine called ""Personalized NeoAntigen Cancer Vaccine"". The purpose of this study is to determine if it is possible to make and administer safely a vaccine against melanoma by using information gained from specific characteristics of the participant's own melanoma. It is known that melanomas have mutations (changes in genetic material) that are specific to an individual patient and tumor. These mutations can cause the tumor cells to produce proteins that appear very different from the body's own cells. It is possible that these proteins used in a vaccine may induce strong immune responses, which may help the participant's body fight any tumor cells that could cause the melanoma to come back in the future. The study will examine the safety of the vaccine when given at several different time points and will examine the participant's blood cells for signs that the vaccine induced an immune response."
NCT00028496	Study Title: Vaccine Therapy With or Without Sargramostim in Treating Patients With Advanced or Metastatic Cancer. Brief Summary: Phase I trial to study the effectiveness of vaccine therapy with or without sargramostim in treating patients who have advanced or metastatic cancer. Vaccines may make the body build an immune response to kill tumor cells. Colony-stimulating factors such as sargramostim may increase the number of immune cells found in bone marrow or peripheral blood. Combining vaccine therapy with sargramostim may make tumor cells more sensitive to the vaccine and may kill more tumor cells.
NCT00204516	Study Title: Vaccination With Tumor mRNA in Metastatic Melanoma - Fixed Combination Versus Individual Selection of Targeted Antigens. Brief Summary: The purpose of the vaccination protocol is to induce specific immune responses against melanoma associated antigens by intradermal injections of mRNA coding for the corresponding antigen.
NCT03400917	Study Title: Autologous Dendritic Cells Loaded With Autologous Tumor Associated Antigens for Treatment of Newly Diagnosed Glioblastoma. Brief Summary: This is a single-arm, open-label phase II clinical trial in which approximately 55 patients with newly diagnosed glioblastoma (GBM) will be enrolled with the intent to receive an autologous dendritic cell vaccine consisting of autologous dendritic cells loaded with autologous tumor-associated antigens (AV-GBM-1).
NCT00727441	Study Title: Vaccine Therapy With or Without Cyclophosphamide in Treating Patients Undergoing Chemotherapy and Radiation Therapy for Stage I or Stage II Pancreatic Cancer That Can Be Removed by Surgery. Brief Summary: RATIONALE: Vaccines made from gene-modified tumor cells may help the body build an effective immune response to kill pancreatic cancer cells. Drugs used in chemotherapy, such as cyclophosphamide, work in different ways to stop the growth of tumor cells, either by killing the cells or by stopping them from dividing. Giving vaccine therapy together with cyclophosphamide may kill more tumor cells. It is not yet known whether vaccine therapy is more effective with or without cyclophosphamide in treating patients with pancreatic cancer. PURPOSE: This randomized clinical trial is studying the side effects of vaccine therapy and to see how well it works when given with or without cyclophosphamide in treating patients undergoing chemotherapy and radiation therapy for stage I or stage II pancreatic cancer that can be removed by surgery.
NCT00005841	Study Title: Vaccine Therapy in Treating Patients With Stage III or Stage IV Melanoma. Brief Summary: RATIONALE: Vaccines made from melanoma cells may make the body build an immune response to kill tumor cells. Vaccine therapy plus filgrastim combined with a specific protein may be a more effective treatment for melanoma. PURPOSE: This phase I trial is studying the side effects and best dose of vaccine therapy in treating patients with stage III or stage IV melanoma that has been completely removed during surgery.
NCT00295958	Study Title: LMB-2 Immunotoxin and Vaccine Therapy in Treating Patients With Metastatic Melanoma That Cannot Be Removed By Surgery. Brief Summary: RATIONALE: The LMB-2 immunotoxin can find tumor cells and kill them without harming normal cells. Vaccines made from peptides may help the body build an effective immune response to kill tumor cells. Giving LMB-2 immunotoxin together with vaccine therapy may kill more tumor cells. PURPOSE: This phase II trial is studying how well giving LMB-2 immunotoxin together with vaccine therapy works in treating patients with metastatic melanoma that cannot be removed by surgery.
NCT02411786	Study Title: A Phase I Study of a DNA Vaccine Encoding Androgen Receptor Ligand-Binding Domain (AR LBD) +/-GMCSF. Brief Summary: The purpose of this study is to determine if a vaccine called pTVG-AR can enhance the participant's immune response against prostate cancer.
NCT00091286	Study Title: Vaccine Therapy in Treating Patients With Stage IIB, Stage III, or Stage IV Colorectal Cancer. Brief Summary: RATIONALE: Vaccines made from peptides may make the body build an immune response to kill tumor cells. PURPOSE: This clinical trial is studying how well vaccine therapy works in treating patients with stage IIB, stage III, or stage IV colorectal cancer.
NCT01867086	Study Title: Salvage Ovarian FANG Vaccine + Carboplatinum. Brief Summary: This is a Phase II study of Vigil autologous tumor cell vaccine integrated with carboplatinum. All patients will have Vigil prepared and stored from ovarian tumor cells obtained at the time of primary surgical debulking. Patients meeting eligibility criteria will receive either carboplatinum alone (AUC 6/30 minute infusion) or carboplatinum (AUC 5/30 minute infusion) and taxol (175 mg/m2/3 hour infusion) one day prior to Vigil 1.0 x 10e7 cells/intradermal injection, once every 3 weeks.
NCT05807035	Study Title: Autologous Tumour Vaccine Trial. Brief Summary: Phase 1 trial to evaluate the feasibility of preparation, safety, tolerability and response to a personalised autologous tumour vaccine (ATV) formulated with Advax adjuvant when administered to patients with advanced solid cancers either as monotherapy or in combination with other standard of care agents.
NCT05307835	"Study Title: Neoantigen Vaccine in Esophagus Cancer Patients Following Neoadjuvant Therapy and Surgical Resection. Brief Summary: This research study is evaluating a new type of esophagus cancer vaccine called ""Personalized Neoantigen Cancer Vaccine"" as a possible treatment for esophagus cancer patients who have completed adjuvant therapy following neoadjuvant therapy and surgical resection. The purpose of the clinical study is evaluating the safety, tolerability and partial efficacy of the personalized neoantigen cancer vaccine in the treatment of resectable esophagus cancer, so as to provide a new personalized therapeutic strategy."
NCT00004918	Study Title: Vaccine Therapy Plus Immune Adjuvant in Treating Patients With Chronic Myeloid Leukemia, Acute Myeloid Leukemia, or Myelodysplastic Syndrome. Brief Summary: Vaccines made from peptides that are found on leukemia cells may make the body build an immune response and kill cancer cells. Combining vaccine therapy with the immune adjuvant Montanide ISA-51 may be a more effective treatment for chronic myeloid leukemia, acute myeloid leukemia, or myelodysplastic syndrome. This phase I/II trial is studying the side effects and best dose of vaccine therapy when given with Montanide ISA-51 and to see how well they work in treating patients with chronic myeloid leukemia, acute myeloid leukemia, or myelodysplastic syndrome.
NCT00003819	Study Title: Vaccine Therapy Plus QS21 in Treating Patients With Progressive Prostate Cancer. Brief Summary: RATIONALE: Vaccines may make the body build an immune response to kill tumor cells. PURPOSE: Phase I trial to study the effectiveness of vaccine therapy given with QS21 in treating patients who have progressive prostate cancer.
NCT00006041	Study Title: Vaccine Therapy in Treating Patients With Ovarian, Fallopian Tube, or Peritoneal Cancer. Brief Summary: RATIONALE: Vaccines made from a person's cancer cells may make the body build an immune response to kill the tumor cells. PURPOSE: Phase I trial to study the effectiveness of vaccine therapy in treating patients who have ovarian, fallopian tube, or peritoneal cancer.
NCT00082641	Study Title: Neoadjuvant/Adjuvant Chemotherapy, Vaccine & Adjuvant Radiation Therapy in p53-Overexpressing Stage III Breast Cancer. Brief Summary: RATIONALE: Vaccines may make the body build an immune response to kill tumor cells. Drugs used in chemotherapy, such as doxorubicin, cyclophosphamide, and paclitaxel, work in different ways to stop tumor cells from dividing so they stop growing or die. Radiation therapy uses high-energy x-rays to damage tumor cells. Giving vaccine therapy before and/or after chemotherapy and radiation therapy may cause a stronger immune response. PURPOSE: This randomized phase I/II trial is studying the side effects of two regimens of vaccine therapy and to see how well they work in treating women who are receiving neoadjuvant or adjuvant chemotherapy and adjuvant radiation therapy for stage III breast cancer that overexpresses p53.
NCT00098917	Study Title: Vaccine Therapy in Treating Patients Who Are Undergoing Surgery for Stage IB, Stage II, or Stage IIIA Non-Small Cell Lung Cancer. Brief Summary: RATIONALE: Vaccines made from a person's tumor cells and white blood cells may make the body build an effective immune response to kill tumor cells. PURPOSE: This phase I trial is studying the side effects and best dose of vaccine therapy in treating patients who are undergoing surgery for stage IB, stage II, or stage IIIA non-small cell lung cancer.
NCT01673217	Study Title: Decitabine, Vaccine Therapy, and Pegylated Liposomal Doxorubicin Hydrochloride in Treating Patients With Recurrent Ovarian Epithelial Cancer, Fallopian Tube Cancer, or Peritoneal Cancer. Brief Summary: This phase I trial is studying the side effects and best dose of decitabine when given together with pegylated liposomal doxorubicin hydrochloride and vaccine therapy in treating patients with recurrent ovarian epithelial cancer, fallopian tube cancer, or peritoneal cancer. Drugs used in chemotherapy, such as decitabine and pegylated liposomal doxorubicin hydrochloride, work in different ways to stop the growth of tumor cells, either by killing the cells or by stopping them from dividing. Vaccines made from a peptide or antigen may help the body build an effective immune response to kill tumor cells. Giving combination chemotherapy together with vaccine therapy may kill more tumor cells.
NCT03358719	Study Title: DEC-205/NY-ESO-1 Fusion Protein CDX-1401, Poly ICLC, Decitabine, and Nivolumab in Treating Patients With Myelodysplastic Syndrome or Acute Myeloid Leukemia. Brief Summary: This phase I trial studies the side effects of DEC-205/NY-ESO-1 fusion protein CDX-1401, poly ICLC, decitabine, and nivolumab in treating patients with myelodysplastic syndrome or acute myeloid leukemia. DEC-205/NY-ESO-1 fusion protein CDX-1401 is a vaccine that may help the immune system specifically target and kill cancer cells. Poly ICLC may help stimulate the immune system in different ways and stop cancer cells from growing. Drugs used in chemotherapy, such as decitabine, work in different ways to stop the growth of cancer cells, either by killing the cells, by stopping them from dividing, or by stopping them from spreading. Monoclonal antibodies, such as nivolumab, may interfere with the ability of cancer cells to grow and spread. Giving DEC-205/NY-ESO-1 fusion protein CDX-1401, poly ICLC, decitabine, and nivolumab may work better in treating patients with myelodysplastic syndrome or acute myeloid leukemia.
NCT03552718	Study Title: QUILT-2.025 NANT Neoepitope Yeast Vaccine (YE-NEO-001): Adjuvant Immunotherapy Using a Personalized Neoepitope Yeast-Based Vaccine To Induce T-Cell Responses In Subjects W/ Previously Treated Cancers. Brief Summary: This is a phase 1 study to evaluate the safety, the Recommended Phase 2 Dose (RP2D), and preliminary efficacy of a personalized neoepitope yeast-based vaccine, YE-NEO-001, in subjects who have completed potentially curative therapy for their solid cancer and who would otherwise be entering a period of surveillance for recurrent disease.
NCT06195618	"Study Title: Personalized Vaccine for TNBC Immunotherapy. Brief Summary: Due to their genetic instability, breast tumors that do not express receptors for Estrogens, Progestagens or amplify the Her2 / neu oncogene \[called triple-negative breast cancer (TNBC)\] and other tumors such as melanoma, non-small cell lung cancer, accumulate numerous mutations that make them highly resistant to different regimens of chemo- or radiotherapy, thereby generating high morbidity and mortality. However, immunology can turn the genetic instability of tumors into the Achilles' tendon. Evidence of this has been revealed in Phase I clinical studies in patients with melanoma and lung cancer in an advanced stage of metastasis treated with Ipilimumab (anti-CTLA4) to decrease immunosuppression, in whom peptides containing mutations presented in Major Complex molecules Histocompatibility of Class I (MHC I) of the tumor itself results in their recognition as ""foreign"" neo-antigens leading to the efficient destruction of the tumor by anti-tumor CD8 + T lymphocytes that are amplified when they are vaccinated with these peptides. For this reason, the identification of non-synonymous mutations of single amino acid and vaccination with 25 amino acid peptides that incorporate these mutations (synthetic vaccines) is emerging today as an alternative for immunotherapy of cancers responsible for high mortality in humans. In an approach that takes 16 weeks, today, it is possible to go from the analysis of the tumor's transcriptome (which allows identifying the universe of tumor mutations) to the patient's vaccination with a personalized vaccine that contains neo-antigens of his tumor. TNBC is the most aggressive breast tumor, representing around 15% of breast cancers in our environment. While generally, at least 30% of women with other types of metastatic breast cancer survive 5 years after diagnosis, most patients diagnosed with metastatic TNBC die within this time. The lack of selective therapies and the poor prognosis of patients with TNBC make their therapeutic management difficult, so the implementation of new therapies for this type of tumor is the main focus of researchers who seek more effective and selective treatments to improve the life expectancy of patients without compromising their quality of life. The genetic instability and high rate of mutations of the TNBC most likely favor the generation of neo-epitopes. Still, due to the immunosuppressive environment of the tumor, it escapes the immunosurveillance of the immune system. Despite the high mortality induced by this tumor, a percentage of patients treated with neoadjuvant chemotherapy with agents such as Doxorubicin and Cyclophosphamide (AC) + Taxanes respond to this chemotherapy regimen. In particular, the anti-tumor effect of AC is attributed to two things: (i) the direct cytotoxic effect on the tumor cell, (ii) the immunostimulation of T lymphocytes promoted by Immunogenic Cell Death (ICD) selectively induced by these drugs. Therefore, in this project, we propose to carry out the first clinical study in Colombia of vaccination of patients with TNBC with synthetic peptides that contain mutations of their own tumor to evaluate the immunogenicity and safety of this type of personalized vaccine as a therapeutic alternative for this tumor. Achieving the specific objectives set out in this project would mean that we have been validated in Colombia the experimental design necessary to identify unique epitopes in tumors and demonstrate the safety and immunogenicity of these vaccines. We consider that having achieved the above; we will have taken an important step towards the implementation in our country of the use of this type of vaccine for immunotherapy not only of TNBC but of other tumors such as glioblastoma, gastric, esophagus, and pancreas, highly fatal due to its high mutation rate."
NCT04853017	Study Title: A Study of ELI-002 in Subjects With KRAS Mutated Pancreatic Ductal Adenocarcinoma (PDAC) and Other Solid Tumors. Brief Summary: This is a Phase 1 study to assess the safety and efficacy of ELI-002 immunotherapy (a lipid-conjugated immune-stimulatory oligonucleotide \[Amph-CpG-7909\] plus a mixture of lipid-conjugated peptide-based antigens \[Amph-Peptides\]) as adjuvant treatment of minimal residual disease (MRD) in subjects with KRAS/neuroblastoma ras viral oncogene homolog (NRAS) mutated PDAC or other solid tumors.
NCT00912418	Study Title: Pilot Study for the Evaluation of the Efficacy of Vaccination With Autologous Tumor Cells Plus Granulocyte-macrophage Colony-stimulating Factor (GM-CSF) - in - Adjuvant, Followed by Systemic Low-dose-interleukin-2 (IL-2) Administration, in Patients With High Risk Melanoma. Brief Summary: This study is an open-label, pilot study of an autologous tumor cell vaccine.
NCT00118313	Study Title: Vaccine Therapy With or Without Imiquimod in Treating Patients Who Have Undergone Surgery for Stage II, Stage III, or Stage IV Melanoma. Brief Summary: RATIONALE: Vaccines made from peptides may help the body build an effective immune response to kill tumor cells. Biological therapies, such as imiquimod, may stimulate the immune system in different ways and stop tumor cells from growing. Giving vaccine therapy together with imiquimod after surgery may help the body kill any remaining tumor cells. PURPOSE: This randomized phase I trial is studying the side effects and best way to give vaccine therapy with or without imiquimod in treating patients who have undergone surgery for stage II, stage III, or stage IV melanoma.
NCT04001413	Study Title: Therapy for High-Risk HPV 16-Positive Oropharynx Cancer Patients. Brief Summary: Combination immune checkpoint inhibitor and DNA vaccine will result in clearance of HPV DNA biomarkers (oral and/or plasma) for patients with persistent HPV-16 E6/E7 DNA (HPV biomarker) after treatment with curative intent.
NCT05683834	Study Title: Trial Evaluating the Immunogenicity and Safety of an Adjuvanted Epstein-Barr Virus (EBV) Glycoprotein 350 Vaccine in EBV-seronegative Persons. Brief Summary: Background: Epstein-Barr virus (EBV) causes most cases of infectious mononucleosis (mono). Mono can cause fatigue that lasts more than 6 months, and some people can have severe complications. EBV infection may also contribute to some cancers and autoimmune diseases. Currently, there are no approved therapies or vaccines for EBV infection. Objective: To test a vaccine against EBV. Eligibility: Healthy people aged 18 to 25 years. Design: Participants will be screened in 2 parts. They will have a blood test. If that test shows they have never had an EBV infection, they will have a second clinic visit. They will have a physical exam, with blood and urine tests. A cotton swab will be rubbed on their gums to collect saliva. Participants will receive 2 injections into a shoulder muscle. Some will receive the EBV vaccine. Others will receive a placebo; this contains harmless salt water with no vaccine. Participants will not know which one they are getting. The 2 injections will be 30 days apart. Participants will be asked to record any side effects or symptoms they have between visits. They can do this on paper or online. Participants will return for a follow-up visit 60 days after the first injection. They will have follow-up visits by phone or telehealth after 5 and 8 months. They will return for a physical exam after 13 months. They may come back for an optional physical exam after 2 years. Participants will come to the clinic if they become ill with an EBV infection during the study.
NCT00373217	Study Title: Vaccine Therapy, Paclitaxel, and Carboplatin in Treating Patients Who Are Undergoing Surgery for Stage III or Stage IV Ovarian Cancer, Primary Peritoneal Cancer, or Fallopian Tube Cancer. Brief Summary: RATIONALE: Vaccines made from peptides may help the body build an effective immune response to kill tumor cells. Drugs used in chemotherapy, such as paclitaxel and carboplatin, work in different ways to stop the growth of tumor cells, either by killing the cells or by stopping them from dividing. Giving chemotherapy before surgery may make the tumor smaller and reduce the amount of normal tissue that needs to be removed. Giving vaccine therapy and chemotherapy after surgery may kill any tumor cells that remain after surgery. PURPOSE: This phase II trial is studying how well giving vaccine therapy together with paclitaxel and carboplatin works in treating patients who are undergoing surgery for stage III or stage IV ovarian cancer, primary peritoneal cancer, or fallopian tube cancer.
NCT00037713	Study Title: Survival in a Randomized Phase III Trial in Patients With Limited Disease (LD) Small Cell Lung Cancer Vaccinated With Adjuvant BEC2 and BCG. Brief Summary: This trial is designed to test the impact of adjuvant BEC2 (2.5 mg)/BCG vaccination on survival in patients with LD Small Cell Lung Cancer (SCLC). Patients will be stratified by institution, KPS (60 - 70% vs 80 - 100%), and response to first line combined modality therapy (CR vs PR) that consisted of at least a 2 drug regimen (4 - 6 cycles) and a chest radiotherapy regimen. Patients will be randomized to one of two treatment arms: standard arm (Observational cohort) or best supportive care, or the treatment arm (5 intradermal vaccinations of BEC2 (2.5 mg) + BCG given on day 1 of weeks 0, 2, 4, 6, and 10.
NCT02873819	Study Title: Safety and Efficacy Study of GL-0817 (With Cyclophosphamide) for the Prevention of Recurrence of Squamous Cell Carcinoma of the Oral Cavity. Brief Summary: This is a multi-center, randomized, double-blind clinical trial to assess the safety and efficacy of GL-0817 as a means to prevent disease recurrence in patients considered at high-risk following surgery and adjuvant chemoradiotherapy.
NCT01096134	Study Title: Mother - Daughter Initiative (MDI) in Cervical Cancer Prevention. Brief Summary: The Mother-Daughter Initiative (MDI) will test the feasibility and acceptability of a strategy to deliver comprehensive cervical cancer prevention services in Thailand and the Philippines by integrating the HPV vaccine for girls ages 9-13 into already successful screening and treatment programs for mothers.
NCT04270149	Study Title: Cancer Peptides Plus GM-CSF and Adjuvant in Breast Cancer. Brief Summary: This is a phase I study looking at the safety of cancer peptides combined with adjuvant and GM-CSF in subjects with estrogen receptor (ESR) positive breast cancer. The primary objective of the study is to determine the safety of of the peptide vaccine. The secondary objective is to evaluate the immune response to the vaccine. The peptides used in this vaccine are derived from the estrogen receptor and are combined with the adjuvant Montanide ISA and GM-CSF to enhance their immune response. A peptide vaccine of these peptides may improve outcomes of patients with endocrine resistant breast cancer.
NCT01720836	Study Title: Study of the Immune Response of MUC1 (Mucin1) Peptide Vaccine for Non-small Cell Lung Cancer. Brief Summary: All subjects will receive the vaccine subcutaneously every 3 weeks x 3 with optional yearly booster vaccines up to and including 5 years post last vaccine for those patients who are confirmed responders to the vaccine . The rationale for using Poly-ICLC as an adjuvant are two ongoing trials at University of Pittsburgh Cancer Institute (UPCI) of the MUC1 100mer peptide vaccine - one as a therapeutic vaccine in subjects with metastatic castrate resistant prostate cancer and the other in subjects with advanced colonic adenomas at risk for developing colon cancer. The same formulation, MUC1 100mer peptide admixed with Poly-ICLC, is used in both trials. There has been no toxicity observed and the vaccine is highly immunogenic in early disease. In the proposed NSCLC trial the anti-MUC1 immune response will be thoroughly characterized.
NCT03559413	Study Title: Patient-individualized Peptide Vaccination Based on Tumor-specific Mutations in Children and Young Adults With Primary/Relapsed ALL. Brief Summary: The aim of this clinical study is to evaluate the feasibility and safety of an individualized peptide vaccination approach in patients with acute lymphoblastic leukemia (ALL). For this purpose, tumor-specific mutations are analyzed by comparative exome sequencing of tumor and healthy reference tissue. Expression of variants is further validated by RNA sequencing. In a second step, HLA-binding (human leukocyte antigen-binding) peptides derived from mutated protein sequences are selected for vaccination. The peptides are administered as a vaccination cocktail with adjuvant GM-CSF and Imiquimod over a course of 9 months and a total of 16 vaccinations. Primary objective is the de novo induction of a specific T cell response without unacceptable toxicity and acute GvHD (graft versus host disease).
NCT01079741	Study Title: Safety Study of Adjuvant Vaccine to Treat Melanoma Patients. Brief Summary: The incidence of melanoma is increasing with an estimated incidence of 59,940 cases and an annual death rate of 8110 in 2007. Although patients diagnosed with early stage disease have an excellent clinical outcome, patients diagnosed with advanced or recurrent disease, continue to have a high mortality rate, even with initial optimal surgical resection. Effective adjuvant strategies are needed to increase the time to progression and to decrease the recurrence rate. Immunotherapy has long been recognized as a potential therapy for melanoma; the goal of adjuvant vaccine therapy is to train the endogenous immune system to recognize and target minimal residual disease.
NCT00006470	Study Title: Vaccine Therapy Plus Radiation Therapy in Treating Patients With Non-small Cell Lung Cancer That Has Been Completely Removed in Surgery. Brief Summary: RATIONALE: Vaccines may make the body build an immune response to kill tumor cells. Radiation therapy uses high-energy x-rays to damage tumor cells. Combining these two treatments may kill more tumor cells. PURPOSE: Phase II trial to study the effectiveness of combining vaccine therapy with radiation therapy in treating patients who have stage II or stage IIIA non-small cell lung cancer that has been completely removed in surgery.
NCT01222221	Study Title: Vaccine Therapy, Temozolomide, and Radiation Therapy in Treating Patients With Newly Diagnosed Glioblastoma Multiforme. Brief Summary: RATIONALE: Vaccines made from peptides may help the body build an effective immune response to kill tumor cells. Drugs used in chemotherapy, such as temozolomide, work in different ways to stop the growth of tumor cells, either by killing the cells or by stopping them from dividing. Radiation therapy uses high-energy x-rays to kill tumor cells. Giving vaccine therapy together with temozolomide and radiation therapy may kill more tumor cells. PURPOSE: This phase I trial is studying the side effects of vaccine therapy when given together with temozolomide and radiation therapy in treating patients with newly diagnosed glioblastoma multiforme.
NCT04911621	Study Title: Adjuvant Dendritic Cell Immunotherapy for Pediatric Patients With High-grade Glioma or Diffuse Intrinsic Pontine Glioma. Brief Summary: Childhood aggressive gliomas are rare brain tumors with very poor prognosis. Due to the tumor's location and infiltrative nature, surgical removal is not always possible, and even when resection is performed and combined with chemo- and/or radiotherapy, tumor cells frequently persist, eventually giving rise to tumor recurrence. A promising strategy to eradicate persisting tumor cells is vaccination with dendritic cells (DC). DC are immune cells that play an important role in organizing the body's defense against cancer. The goal of DC vaccination is to activate these natural anti-tumor defense mechanisms to delay or prevent tumor progression or recurrence. Previous clinical studies have demonstrated that DC vaccination is well-tolerated, safe and capable of eliciting tumorspecific immunity. A clinical study including 10 pediatric patients (aged ≥ 12 months and \< 18 years at the time of signing the informed consent) with brain (stem) tumors is initiated at the Antwerp University Hospital to investigate intradermal vaccination with WT1 mRNA-loaded autologous monocyte-derived DCs, either combined with first-line chemoradiation treatment or administered as adjuvant therapy following previous therapies. The general objective of this phase I/II clinical study is (1) to demonstrate that WT1-targeted DC vaccine production and administration in pediatric patients with HGG and DIPG, either combined with first-line chemoradiation treatment or administered as adjuvant therapy following previous therapies, is feasible and safe, (2) to study vaccine-induced immune responses, (3) to document patients' quality of life and clinical outcome for comparison with current patients' outcome allowing indication of the added value.
NCT00437502	Study Title: A Phase I Study of Ovarian Cancer Peptides Plus GM-CSF and Adjuvant With Ovarian, Tubal or Peritoneal Cancer. Brief Summary: This study will evaluate the safety of administering a peptide vaccine consisting of twelve different tumor-rejection antigens known to be present on ovarian tumor cells. The vaccine is designed to elicit immune responses against twelve different pathways that are essential to tumor growth, survival and metastasis.HLA-A2+ is a required criteria for subject eligibility.
NCT01595321	Study Title: Pancreatic Tumor Cell Vaccine (GVAX), Low Dose Cyclophosphamide, Fractionated Stereotactic Body Radiation Therapy (SBRT), and FOLFIRINOX Chemotherapy in Patients With Resected Adenocarcinoma of the Pancreas. Brief Summary: The purpose of this study is to estimate safety of a whole cell vaccine with immune modulating doses of cyclophosphamide followed by SBRT and FOLFIRINOX chemotherapy in pancreatic cancer patients after surgery.
NCT01390064	Study Title: Vaccination of High Risk Breast Cancer Patients. Brief Summary: Objective - Determine the safety and tolerability of a peptide mimotope-based vaccine upon immunization of breast cancer subjects.
NCT00455221	Study Title: Safety Assessment of a Multipeptide-gene Vaccine in CML. Brief Summary: The primary purpose of this study is to evaluate the safety of a peptide-gene vaccine against CML in patients under Imatinib treatment. We will also perform some laboratory tests suggesting biological response.
NCT00928902	Study Title: Trial for the Evaluation of the Effect of Systemic Low-dose Interleukin-2 (IL-2) on the Immunogenicity of a Vaccine Comprising Synthetic Melanoma Peptides Administered With Granulocyte-macrophage Colony-stimulating Factor (GM-CSF)-In-Adjuvant, in Patients With High Risk Melanoma. Brief Summary: This clinical pilot study will test the hypothesis that systemic low-dose IL-2 therapy significantly enhances the immunologic efficacy of a vaccine comprising melanoma peptides plus GM-CSF-in-adjuvant.
NCT00019721	Study Title: Vaccine Therapy With or Without Interleukin-2 in Treating Patients With Metastatic Melanoma. Brief Summary: RATIONALE: Vaccines may make the body build an immune response to kill tumor cells. Interleukin-2 may stimulate a person's white blood cells to kill tumor cells. Combining vaccine therapy with interleukin-2 may be an effective treatment for metastatic melanoma. PURPOSE: Phase II trial to compare the effectiveness of vaccine therapy with or without interleukin-2 in treating patients who have metastatic melanoma that has not responded to previous therapy.
NCT02405221	Study Title: Safety and Feasibility of TA-CIN Vaccine in HPV16 Associated Cervical Cancer. Brief Summary: This study will be looking at what dose of the TA-CIN vaccine is safe and effective in patients with a history of HPV16-associated cervical cancer.
NCT05726864	Study Title: A Study of ELI-002 7P in Subjects With KRAS/NRAS Mutated Solid Tumors. Brief Summary: This is a Phase 1/2 study to assess the safety and efficacy of ELI-002 7P immunotherapy (a lipid-conjugated immune-stimulatory oligonucleotide \[Amph-CpG-7909\] plus a mixture of lipid-conjugated peptide-based antigens \[Amph-Peptides 7P\]) as adjuvant treatment in subjects with solid tumors with mutated KRAS/NRAS. This study builds on the experience obtained with related product ELI-002 2P, which was studied in protocol ELI-002-001 under IND 26909.
NCT00021164	Study Title: Vaccine Therapy in Treating Patients With Metastatic Cancer. Brief Summary: RATIONALE: Vaccines made from a peptide may make the body build an immune response and kill tumor cells. PURPOSE: Randomized phase II trial to study the effectiveness of vaccine therapy in treating patients who have metastatic cancer.
NCT00003002	Study Title: HER-2/Neu Vaccine Plus GM-CSF in Treating Patients With Stage III or Stage IV Breast, Ovarian, or Non-small Cell Lung Cancer. Brief Summary: RATIONALE: Vaccines made from the HER2/neu antigen may make the body build an immune response and kill tumor cells. Colony-stimulating factors such as GM-CSF increase the number of immune cells found in bone marrow or peripheral blood. PURPOSE: Phase I trial to study the effectiveness of HER-2/neu vaccine plus GM-CSF in treating patients who have stage III or stage IV breast cancer, stage III or stage IV ovarian cancer, or stage III or stage IV non-small cell lung cancer.
NCT02126579	Study Title: Phase I/II Trial of a Long Peptide Vaccine (LPV7) Plus TLR Agonists. Brief Summary: The purpose of this study is to learn what effects (good and bad) an experimental vaccine (LPV7) plus tetanus peptide and other substances called polyICLC, resiquimod, and Montanide ISA-51 have on you and your melanoma. We will also look at whether the experimental vaccine and these drugs cause any changes in your immune system.
NCT00004184	Study Title: Monoclonal Antibody Therapy in Treating Patients With Stage III or Stage IV Melanoma. Brief Summary: RATIONALE: Monoclonal antibodies can locate tumor cells and either kill them or deliver tumor-killing substances to them without harming normal cells. PURPOSE: Phase I/II trial to study the effectiveness of monoclonal antibody therapy in treating patients who have stage III or stage IV melanoma at high risk for recurrence following surgery to remove the tumor.
NCT00849121	Study Title: Two-Arm Study of a DNA Vaccine Encoding Prostatic Acid Phosphatase (PAP) in Patients With Non-Metastatic Castrate-Resistant Prostate Cancer. Brief Summary: The investigators are trying to find new methods to treat prostate cancer. The approach is to try to enhance patients' own immune response against the cancer. In this study, the investigators will be testing the safety of a vaccine that may be able to help the body fight prostate cancer. The vaccine, called pTVG-HP, is a piece of DNA genetic material that contains genetic code for a protein that is made by the prostate gland, called prostatic acid phosphatase (PAP). The vaccine will be given together with a substance called an adjuvant. Adjuvants are typically given with vaccines and can improve the effect of the vaccine. The adjuvant that will be used in this study is called granulocyte-macrophage colony-stimulating factor (GM-CSF). The main purpose of this study is to find out whether the vaccine generates long-lived immune responses, and whether a better schedule of vaccination can be found by doing frequent laboratory testing for immune responses. The investigators also want to see if the vaccine stimulates any immune reaction against cancer cells.
NCT00003279	Study Title: Vaccination Therapy in Treating Patients With Limited-Stage Small Cell Lung Cancer. Brief Summary: RATIONALE: Vaccines may help the body build an immune response to kill tumor cells. PURPOSE: Randomized phase III trial to compare the effectiveness of vaccination with monoclonal antibody BEC2 and BCG with that of no further therapy in treating patients who have limited-stage small cell lung cancer.
NCT01480479	Study Title: Phase III Study of Rindopepimut/GM-CSF in Patients With Newly Diagnosed Glioblastoma. Brief Summary: This 2-arm, randomized, phase III study will investigate the efficacy and safety of the addition of rindopepimut (an experimental cancer vaccine that may act to promote anti-cancer effects in patients who have tumors that express the EGFRvIII protein) to the current standard of care (temozolomide) in patients with recently diagnosed glioblastoma, a type of brain cancer. All patients will be administered temozolomide, the standard treatment for glioblastoma. Half the patients will be randomly assigned to receive rindopepimut and half the patients will be randomly assigned to receive a control called keyhole limpet hemocyanin. Patients will be treated in a blinded fashion (neither the patient or the doctor will know which arm of the study the patient is on). Patients will be treated until disease progression or intolerance to therapy and all patients will be followed for survival.
NCT00030602	Study Title: Vaccine Therapy in Treating Patients With Recurrent Prostate Cancer. Brief Summary: RATIONALE: Vaccines may make the body build an immune response to kill tumor cells. PURPOSE: Phase II trial to study the effectiveness of vaccine therapy in treating patients who have recurrent prostate cancer.
NCT01978964	Study Title: Phase 1b Maintenance Therapy Study of ONT-10 in Patients With Solid Tumors. Brief Summary: This is an open label phase 1b maintenance therapy study to evaluate the long-term safety, immunogenicity, and anti-tumor effects of repeat-dose vaccination with ONT-10 in patients who have demonstrated safety and clinical benefit on the original ONT-10-001 phase 1 study.
NCT06258564	Study Title: The Adjuvant Effect of HPV Vaccination on Recurrence of Cervical Precancer or Carcinoma in Women Undergoing Conization. Brief Summary: Assessment of the association between human papillomavirus vaccination (HPV) and recurrences of cervical intraepithelial neoplasia grade 2 or worse (CIN2+) in women undergoing conization.
NCT04382664	Study Title: UV1 Vaccination Plus Nivolumab and Ipilimumab in Treatment of Melanoma. Brief Summary: UV1 is a therapeutic cancer vaccine that has been explored in prostate, lung cancer, in combination with ipilimumab in malignant melanoma and in combination with pembrolizumab in metastatic melanoma. This study will explore the Efficacy and Safety of UV1 administered with GM-CSF in combination with nivolumab and ipilimumab.
NCT00001703	Study Title: Vaccine Therapy With Tumor Specific Mutated VHL Peptides in Adult Cancer Patients With Renal Cell Carcinoma. Brief Summary: About 27,000 new cases of renal cell carcinoma (RCC) are diagnosed every year in the United States. 11,000 of these cases will die from the disease. More than half of patients present with advanced or metastatic disease for which chemotherapy plays a very limited role. Therefore, development of another therapeutic approach is needed. Cancers in humans are commonly associated with mutations in dominant and recessive oncogenes. These genes produce mutated proteins that are unique to cancer cells. Von Hipple-Lindau (VHL) gene which is associated with the development of the VHL disease, has been recently mapped and cloned, and it is found to be mutated in 57% of sporadic renal cell carcinomas. Data in mice have shown the generation of major histocompatibility complex (MHC) restricted cytotoxic T lymphocyte (CTL) that are capable of detecting endogenous cytoplasmic peptide derived from mutated oncogenes. In addition, we have recently demonstrated, by conducting different phase I clinical trials in which we vaccinate cancer patients with mutated Ras or p53 peptides corresponding to the abnormality patients harbor in their tumors, that in some patients we can generate immunological responses represented by the generation of lymphocytes (CD4+ and/or CD8+). In the current study, we would like to extend our observations to test whether VHL tumor suppressor protein can be immunologically targeted by vaccination. We have identified specific epitopes along the amino acid sequence of the VHL protein, which represent known specific human leukocyte antigen (HLA) class-I binding motifs. These amino acids stretches in the VHL protein correspond to the area of the point mutation hot spots. Therefore, we propose to treat patients with sporadic RCC who carry VHL mutations in their tumors with corresponding mutant VHL peptide vaccination. This vaccination will be done either by using pulsed-autologous peripheral mononuclear cells with the peptides, or peptides administered subcutaneously alone or in combination with cytokines.
NCT00091338	Study Title: Interleukin-7 and Vaccine Therapy in Treating Patients With Metastatic Melanoma. Brief Summary: RATIONALE: Interleukin-7 may stimulate a person's white blood cells to kill tumor cells. Vaccines made from peptides may make the body build an immune response to kill tumor cells. Combining interleukin-7 with vaccine therapy may kill more tumor cells. PURPOSE: This phase I trial is studying the side effects and best dose of interleukin-7 when given with vaccine therapy in treating patients with metastatic melanoma.
NCT00398138	Study Title: Vaccine Therapy and GM-CSF in Treating Patients With Acute Myeloid Leukemia, Myelodysplastic Syndromes, Non-Small Cell Lung Cancer, or Mesothelioma. Brief Summary: RATIONALE: Vaccines made from peptides may help the body build an effective immune response to kill cancer cells. Biological therapies, such as GM-CSF, may stimulate the immune system in different ways and stop cancer cells from growing. Giving vaccine therapy together with GM-CSF may kill more cancer cells. PURPOSE: This phase I trial is studying the side effects of vaccine therapy and GM-CSF in treating patients with acute myeloid leukemia, myelodysplastic syndromes, non-small cell lung cancer, or mesothelioma.
NCT05254184	"Study Title: KRAS-Targeted Vaccine With Nivolumab and Ipilimumab for Patients With NSCLC. Brief Summary: This is a single institution, Phase 1 study for patients with Stage III/IV unresectable Kirsten rat sarcoma (KRAS) mutated NSCLC to evaluate safety of the pooled mutant-KRAS peptide vaccine (KRAS peptide vaccine) with polyinosinic-polycytidylic acid (poly-ICLC) adjuvant in combination with nivolumab and ipilimumab in the first line treatment setting. The primary objectives of this study are to determine the safety and feasibility of administering the KRAS peptide vaccine with poly-ICLC adjuvant in combination with nivolumab and ipilimumab. The secondary objectives are to estimate the progression free survival (PFS) of pooled mutant-KRAS long peptide vaccine with poly-ICLC adjuvant in combination with Ipilimumab + Nivolumab for the first line treatment of patients with unresectable Stage III/IV NSCLC whose tumors harbor selected KRAS mutations (KRAS glycine-to-cysteine substitution at codon 12 (G12C), KRAS glycine-to-valine substitution at codon 12 (G12V), KRAS glycine-to-Detoxglyphosate substitution at codon 12 (G12D), KRAS glycine-to-arginine substitution at codon 12 (G12A), KRAS glycine-to-Aspartic Acid ""D"" at codon 13 (G13D) or KRAS G12R) and to assess the impact of predicted KRAS mutations on mutant-KRAS specific T cell responses in the peripheral blood of these patients. Exploratory objectives will assess the impact of predicted KRAS mutations on mutant-KRAS specific T cell responses in the peripheral blood, as well as changes in circulating tumor deoxyribonucleic acid (ctDNA). Approximately 15 subjects will be enrolled to have 12 evaluable subjects for T cell response assessment. Safety analysis will include all enrolled patients who receive at least one dose of vaccine. The evaluable population for T cell response will consist of all patients who receive at least one dose of vaccine and have baseline and post-treatment T cell measures in the peripheral blood at 12 weeks."
NCT04704908	Study Title: Immuno-persistence Study of a Recombinant Human Papillomavirus 16/18 Bivalent Vaccine in Preadolescent Girls (54m). Brief Summary: The primary objective of this study is to evaluate the immuno-persistence (type specific IgG antibody) of the tested vaccine administered in girls aged 9-17 years,comparing to young healthy adults of 18-26 years who received the standard 3-dose schedule (0,1,6 months).
NCT00324623	Study Title: Cyclophosphamide and Fludarabine Followed by Cellular Adoptive Immunotherapy and Vaccine Therapy in Patients With Metastatic Melanoma. Brief Summary: RATIONALE: Drugs used in chemotherapy, such as cyclophosphamide and fludarabine, may be used to prepare the body for other treatments, such as cellular adoptive immunotherapy. Biological therapies, such as cellular adoptive immunotherapy, may stimulate the immune system in different ways and stop tumor cells from growing. Vaccines may help the body build an effective immune response to kill tumor cells. Giving cyclophosphamide together with fludarabine followed by biological therapy may be an effective treatment for metastatic melanoma. PURPOSE: This phase I trial is studying the side effects of giving cyclophosphamide together with fludarabine followed by cellular adoptive immunotherapy, and vaccine therapy in treating patients with metastatic melanoma.
NCT00470379	Study Title: Vaccine Therapy and Resiquimod in Treating Patients With Stage II, Stage III, or Stage IV Melanoma That Has Been Completely Removed by Surgery. Brief Summary: RATIONALE: Vaccines made from peptides may help the body build an effective immune response to kill tumor cells. Giving vaccine therapy together with resiquimod may make a stronger immune response and prevent or delay the recurrence of cancer. PURPOSE: This clinical trial is studying the side effects, best dose, and best way to give vaccine therapy together with resiquimod in treating patients with stage II, stage III, or stage IV melanoma that has been completely removed by surgery.
NCT01204684	"Study Title: Dendritic Cell Vaccine for Patients With Brain Tumors. Brief Summary: The main purpose of this study is to evaluate the most effective immunotherapy vaccine components in patients with malignant glioma. Teh investigators previous phase I study (IRB #03-04-053) already confirmed that this vaccine procedure is safe in patients with malignant brain tumors, and with an indication of extended survival in several patients. However, the previous trial design did not allow us to test which formulation of the vaccine was the most effective. This phase II study will attempt to dissect out which components are most effective together. Dendritic cells (DC) (cells which ""present"" or ""show"" cell identifiers to the immune system) isolated from the subject's own blood will be treated with tumor-cell lysate isolated from tumor tissue taken from the same subject during surgery. This pulsing (combining) of antigen-presenting and tumor lysate will be done to try to stimulate the immune system to recognize and destroy the patient's intracranial brain tumor. These pulsed DCs will then be injected back into the patient intradermally as a vaccine. The investigators will also utilize adjuvant imiquimod or poly ICLC (interstitial Cajal-like cell) in some treatment cohorts. It is thought that the host immune system might be taught to ""recognize"" the malignant brain tumor cells as ""foreign"" to the body by effectively presenting unique tumor antigens to the host immune cells (T-cells) in vivo."
NCT04864379	Study Title: Clinical Study of a Personalized Neoantigen Cancer Vaccine Combined With Anti-PD-1 and RFA in Patients With Solid Tumors. Brief Summary: This research study is evaluating a new type of personalized neoantigen cancer vaccine（iNeo-Vac-P01）combined with anti-PD-1 antibody and radiofrequency ablation as a possible treatment for patients with advanced solid tumors. The primary objective of this trial is to evaluate safety, tolerability and immunogenicity of iNeo-Vac-P01 in combination with anti-PD-1 and radiofrequency ablation, so as to provide a new personalized therapeutic strategy for patients. It is known that cancer patients have mutations (changes in genetic material) that are specific to an individual patient and tumor. These mutations can cause the tumor cells to produce proteins that appear very different from the body's own cells. It is possible that these proteins used in a vaccine may induce strong immune responses, which may help the participant's body fight any tumor cells that could cause the cancer to come back in the future. The study will examine the safety of the vaccine when given at several different time points and will examine the participant's blood cells for signs that the vaccine induced an immune response.
NCT02721043	Study Title: Safety and Immunogenicity of Personalized Genomic Vaccine to Treat Malignancies. Brief Summary: The purpose of this study is to test the safety, tolerability, and immunogenicity of Personalized Genomic Vaccine 001 (PGV001) in subjects with advanced non-hematologic malignancies. PGV001 is a peptide vaccine that is based on a patient's own tumor sequence. Each patient's tumor is sequenced and peptides that correspond to the tumors are made. These peptides combined with the adjuvant Poly-ICLC (Hiltonol, Oncovir) make PGV001. The adjuvant Poly-ICLC is added to boost the immune response to the peptides and together will expand immune cells to target cancer.
NCT02802943	Study Title: iVAC-CLL01: Patient-individualized Peptide Vaccination After First Line Therapy of CLL. Brief Summary: The aim of this study is to induce a peptide-specific immune response in CLL patients by multi-peptide vaccination with a patient-individualized peptide cocktail.
NCT00091143	Study Title: Fludarabine Followed by Vaccine Therapy and White Blood Cell Infusions in Treating Patients With Unresectable or Metastatic Melanoma. Brief Summary: RATIONALE: Drugs used in chemotherapy, such as fludarabine, work in different ways to stop tumor cells from dividing so they stop growing or die. Vaccines made from peptides may make the body build an immune response to kill tumor cells. Infusions of a person's white blood cells may be able to replace immune cells that were destroyed by chemotherapy. Combining fludarabine with vaccine therapy and white blood cell infusions may kill more tumor cells. PURPOSE: This randomized phase I trial is studying the side effects of giving vaccine therapy together with fludarabine and white blood cell infusions and to see how well it works in treating patients with unresectable or metastatic melanoma.
NCT00006243	Study Title: Vaccine Therapy and Sargramostim in Treating Patients With Stage IV Malignant Melanoma. Brief Summary: This randomized pilot clinical trial studies vaccine therapy and sargramostim in treating patients with stage IV malignant melanoma. Vaccines made from melanoma peptides or antigens may help the body build an effective immune response to kill tumor cells. Colony-stimulating factors, such as sargramostim, increase the number of white blood cells and platelets found in bone marrow or peripheral blood. Giving vaccine therapy together with sargramostim may be an effective treatment for malignant melanoma.
NCT04674306	Study Title: Adjuvant Therapy With an Alpha-lactalbumin Vaccine in Triple-Negative Breast Cancer. Brief Summary: The purpose of this study is to determine the safety as well as the most effective dose of the alpha-lactalbumin vaccine (aLA breast cancer vaccine) to treat patients with non-metastatic triple negative breast cancer, participants who are of cancer-free but may be at risk for triple-negative breast cancer, and for participants who are receiving adjuvant pembrolizumab following initial triple negative breast cancer treatment.
NCT00019006	Study Title: Vaccine Therapy in Treating Patients With Colon, Pancreatic, or Lung Cancer. Brief Summary: RATIONALE: Vaccines made from mutated ras peptides may make the body build an immune response to and kill tumor cells. PURPOSE: Phase I trial to study the effectiveness of a vaccine containing mutated ras peptides and an immune adjuvant in treating patients who have colon, pancreatic, or lung cancer.
NCT01735006	Study Title: Efficacy and Immunogenicity Study of Recombinant Human Papillomavirus Bivalent（Type 16/18 ）Vaccine. Brief Summary: This is a Phase III clinical trial of the novel recombinant HPV 16/18 bivalent vaccine manufactured by Xiamen Innovax Biotech CO., LTD. The primary objective of this study is to demonstrate the efficacy of the vaccine against relevant outcomes in healthy women above 18 years old at enrolment. The secondary objectives are to evaluate the safety, immunogenicity and immuno-persistence of the vaccine. Meanwhile, this study tries to compare the difference of safety and immunogenicity among different lots. Approximately 6000 study subjects will be enrolled and randomly stratified into 2 groups and receive human papillomavirus (HPV) vaccine(three different lots) or commercialized hepatitis E vaccine(Hecolin) according to a 0-1-6 month schedule.
NCT02425306	Study Title: Safety Study of a Helper Peptide Vaccine Plus Adjuvant Combinations for the Treatment of Melanoma. Brief Summary: This study evaluates whether it is safe to administer a peptide vaccine in combination with different adjuvants. Adjuvants are substances that may boost immune responses vaccines. In this study, the adjuvants are Montanide ISA-51, polyICLC and cyclophosphamide. This study will also evaluate the effects of the combination of the peptide vaccine and the adjuvants on the immune system. The investigators will monitor these effects by performing tests in the laboratory on participants' blood, a lymph node, and tissue from the sites of vaccination.
NCT00008099	Study Title: Vaccine Therapy in Treating Patients With Resected or Locally Advanced Unresectable Pancreatic Cancer. Brief Summary: RATIONALE: Vaccines may help the body build an effective immune response to kill tumor cells. PURPOSE: This phase I trial is studying the side effects and best dose of vaccine therapy in treating patients with resected or locally advanced unresectable pancreatic cancer.
NCT00112242	Study Title: Immunotherapy of Stage III/IV Melanoma Patients. Brief Summary: The purpose of this study is to determine whether vaccination with melanoma antigen peptides \[Melan-A/Mart-1 (both EAA and ELA), NY-ESO-1b analog, Long NY-ESO-1 LP and MAGE-A10\] and Montanide, CpG adjuvants and low dose rIL-2 can induce an immune response in melanoma patients and to assess the safety of this vaccination.
NCT00861406	Study Title: Adjuvant Therapy of Pegylated Interferon- 2b Plus Melanoma Peptide Vaccine. Brief Summary: The goal of this clinical research study is to find the best dosing schedule of a combined treatment of PEG Intron (pegylated Interferon-alfa 2b) plus a peptide vaccine (gp100) that may help improve immune response in patients that had Stage II or Stage III melanoma and are free of the disease. The safety and tolerability of this drug combination will also be studied. Researchers also want to collect long-term follow-up information.
NCT00089206	Study Title: Vaccine Therapy in Treating Patients With Stage III or Stage IV Melanoma That Cannot Be Removed By Surgery. Brief Summary: RATIONALE: Vaccines may make the body build an immune response to kill tumor cells. PURPOSE: This phase II trial is studying how well vaccine therapy works in treating patients with stage III or stage IV melanoma that cannot be removed by surgery.
NCT04166006	Study Title: A Phase II Study on Adjuvant Vaccination With Dendritic Cells Loaded With Autologous Tumor Homogenate in Resected Stage IV Rare Cancers. Brief Summary: Single-arm, monocentric trial to assess safety and immunological efficacy of adjuvant vaccination with autologous dendritic cells loaded with autologous tumour homogenate after curative resection for stage IV rare cancers (In Head/Neck tumors (H\&N), NEuroendocrine Tumors (NET) and Soft Tissue Sarcomas (STS).
NCT00518206	Study Title: Study of NY-ESO-1 ISCOMATRIX in Patients With Measurable Stage III or IV Melanoma. Brief Summary: This was a Phase 2, open-label study of the NY-ESO-1 ISCOMATRIX (ISCOM) vaccine administered as an intramuscular injection given every 4 weeks to subjects with measurable advanced malignant melanoma. Study objectives included determination of the anticancer activity, cellular and humoral immunogenicity, and safety and tolerability of the NY-ESO-1 ISCOM vaccine administered alone or preceded by a single administration of low-dose cyclophosphamide.
NCT03122106	Study Title: Neoantigen DNA Vaccine in Pancreatic Cancer Patients Following Surgical Resection and Adjuvant Chemotherapy. Brief Summary: This is a phase 1 open-label study to evaluate the safety and immunogenicity of a neoantigen DNA vaccine strategy in pancreatic cancer patients following surgical resection and adjuvant chemotherapy. The neoantigen DNA vaccines will incorporate prioritized neoantigens and personalized mesothelin epitopes and will be administered with an electroporation device. The hypothesis of this study is that neoantigen DNA vaccines will be safe and capable of generating measurable neoantigen-specific CD4 and CD8 T cell responses.
NCT00693342	Study Title: Vaccine Therapy and OPT-821 or OPT-821 Alone in Treating Patients With Ovarian Epithelial Cancer, Fallopian Tube Cancer, or Primary Peritoneal Cancer in Complete Remission. Brief Summary: RATIONALE: Vaccines made from tumor antigens may help the body build an effective immune response to kill tumor cells. Biological therapies, such as OPT-821, may stimulate the immune system in different ways and stop tumor cells from growing. Giving vaccine therapy together with OPT-821 may kill more tumor cells. It is not yet known whether giving vaccine therapy together with OPT-821 is more effective than OPT-821 alone in treating ovarian epithelial cancer, fallopian tube cancer, or primary peritoneal cancer. PURPOSE: This randomized phase III trial is studying vaccine therapy and OPT-821 to see how well they work compared with OPT-821 alone in treating patients with ovarian epithelial cancer, fallopian tube cancer, or primary peritoneal cancer in complete remission.
NCT00523159	Study Title: IMA901 in Advanced Renal Cell Carcinoma Patients With Measurable Disease. Brief Summary: This study was conducted in order to evaluate the efficacy and safety of the cancer vaccine IMA901 and GM-CSF as adjuvant in the treatment of advanced renal cell carcinoma. Patients received vaccination with GM-CSF followed by IMA901 during the study period of 9 months. Patients received pre-treatment with a single i.v. infusion of cyclophosphamide prior to the first vaccination.
NCT02938442	Study Title: Vaccination of Triple Negative Breast Cancer Patients. Brief Summary: The purpose of this study is to evaluate a new investigational cancer vaccine, P10s-PADRE in combination with standard neoadjuvant chemotherapy and surgery in patients with clinical stage I, II or III triple negative breast cancer (TNBC). This study will compare the vaccine plus standard neoadjuvant chemotherapy and surgery to standard neoadjuvant chemotherapy and surgery alone.
NCT03574649	Study Title: QUILT-2.024: Phase 2 Neoadjuvant, Consolidation, and Adjuvant Combination NANT Immunotherapy Versus Standard of Care in Subjects With Resectable Non-small Cell Lung Cancer. Brief Summary: This is a randomized phase 2 study to compare the efficacy of neoadjuvant, consolidation, and adjuvant immunotherapy (NANT NSCLC Combination Immunotherapy; experimental arm) to standard of care (surgery and adjuvant chemotherapy; control arm) in subjects with stage II-IIIa resectable NSCLC.
NCT02543749	"Study Title: DC Vaccination in CML. Brief Summary: The aim of this phase I/II trial is induction of anti leukemic T cell immunity in a clinical situation of ""minimal residual disease"". This might be a strategy to immunologically eradicate the residual leukemia cells. Patients to be included are chronic phase bcr/abl+ CML (chronic myeloid leukemia) patients in stable cytogenetic and/or molecular remission. These patients can be included if they have: 1. not achieved a CMR (complete molecular response) or 2. achieved bcr/abl \< 10% on qPCR (quantitative polymerase chain reaction) (=MCyR) (Major cytogenic Response), but less than a CCyR (complete cytogenic Response). Autologous DC (Dendritic cells), generated under GMP (Good manufacturing conditions) conditions, are used as a vaccine. These DC constitutively express all putative tumor antigens. In order to ensure sufficient presentation of distinct CML-related antigens, particularly in good responders to TKIs, DC are additionally pulsed with peptides from bcr/abl, WT-1 (Wilms Tumor Protein) and proteinase-3. Monitoring of T cell reactivity against these peptides can then serve as surrogate marker for anti leukemic immunity induced by the vaccine. Vaccination is performed with 10\^7 DC i.d. (intra dermal) in weeks 1, 3, 5, 8, 11, 14, 17, 20, 23 and 26. KLH (keyhole limpet hemocyanin) is used as an adjuvant for vaccine preparations in weeks 3, 5 and 8 (and 11)."
NCT00004249	Study Title: Vaccine Therapy Plus QS21 in Treating Patients With Small Cell Lung Cancer That Has Responded to Initial Therapy. Brief Summary: RATIONALE: Vaccines may make the body build an immune response to kill tumor cells. Biological therapies, such as QS21, use different ways to stimulate the immune system and stop cancer cells from growing. PURPOSE: Phase II trial to study the effectiveness of vaccine therapy plus QS21 in treating patients who have small cell lung cancer that has responded to initial therapy.
NCT00303836	Study Title: Vaccine Therapy With or Without Interleukin-2 After Chemotherapy and an Autologous White Blood Cell Infusion in Treating Patients With Metastatic Melanoma. Brief Summary: This randomized phase II trial is studying how well giving vaccine therapy with or without interleukin-2 after chemotherapy and an autologous white blood cell infusion works in treating patients with metastatic melanoma. Vaccines made from peptides may help the body build an effective immune response to kill tumor cells. Giving vaccine therapy with interleukin-2, chemotherapy, and an autologous white blood cell infusion may be a more effective treatment for metastatic melanoma.
NCT01425749	Study Title: Study to Assess Safety and Immune Response of Stage IIB-IV Resected Melanoma After Treatment With MAGE-A3 ASCI. Brief Summary: The goals of this study are to 1) assess the safety of recombinant MAGE-A3 protein combined with AS15 Immunological Adjuvant System (recMAGE-A3 + AS15) as an Antigen-Specific Cancer Immunotherapeutic (MAGE-A3 ASCI) when administered in two different administration sites, intramuscular (IM) or intradermal/subcutaneous (ID/SC), and 2) to provide preliminary data on the immunological response to ASCI in the injection site microenvironment, in the node draining the vaccine site (sentinel immunized node) and in the blood and whether there are large differences in the magnitude, persistence, or type of immune response induced as a function of the ASCI injection. Evaluation of immune responses to the ASCI will include, amonth others antiMAGE-A3 antibody responses and CD4+ and CD8+ T cell responses.
NCT03387553	Study Title: HER2 Directed Dendritic Cell Vaccine During Neoadjuvant Therapy of HER2+Breast Cancer. Brief Summary: The purpose of this study is to learn more about how to treat patients with HER-2/neu positive invasive breast cancer (IBC). HER-2/neu is a type of protein that is known to be over-expressed in aggressive breast cancer. The study drug for this trial is DC1 study vaccine which is a HER2-sensitized dendritic cell (DC) study vaccine. This study vaccine is made from the participant's blood cells collected from a procedure called leukapheresis. Dendritic cells are immune cells that can tell the immune system to fight infection. In laboratory testing and from previous studies in participants, these cells may also help the immune system attack tumors such as breast cancer.
NCT00052351	Study Title: Vaccine Therapy Plus Sargramostim and Chemotherapy in Treating Women With Stage II or Stage III Breast Cancer. Brief Summary: RATIONALE: Vaccines made from a gene-modified virus may make the body build an immune response to kill tumor cells. Colony-stimulating factors such as sargramostim may increase the number of immune cells found in bone marrow or peripheral blood. Drugs used in chemotherapy use different ways to stop tumor cells from dividing so they stop growing or die. Combining vaccine therapy with sargramostim and chemotherapy may kill more tumor cells. PURPOSE: Randomized clinical trial to study the effectiveness of vaccine therapy plus sargramostim and combination chemotherapy in treating women who have undergone surgery for stage II or stage III breast cancer that has spread to the lymph nodes.
NCT03053661	Study Title: Immune Response Evaluation to Curative Conventional Therapy. Brief Summary: The IRECT trial is a non-interventional, prospective clinical trial using modern immune monitoring techniques over the course of the standard of care for HNSCC. The dynamics of host/tumor immune interactions during the conventional standard treatment will be analyzed to find the most promising target antigen and to develop a strategy how and when specific immunotherapy should be added to the current treatment schedule. The results from this trial will help to understand how state of the art treatment can be complemented using cancer-testis antigen specific vaccines and immune-modulating drugs to improve the outcome of head and neck cancer patients.
NCT00773097	Study Title: Study of the MUC1 Peptide-Poly-ICLC Adjuvant Vaccine in Individuals With Advanced Colorectal Adenoma. Brief Summary: The purpose of this study is to evaluate the immune response to MUC1 - poly-ICLC vaccine, an investigational or study vaccine. The MUC1 - poly-ICLC vaccine is being tested in persons with a history of advanced adenomatous polyps, the precursor to colorectal cancer. The MUC1 - poly-ICLC vaccine is being developed to prevent polyps from advancing into colon cancer and to prevent polyps from recurring. MUC1 is mucus that is normally present on the lining of the human colon. However, MUC1 is expressed in a larger amount and in a modified form on adenomatous polyps and colorectal cancer. These changes in MUC1 are thought to be part of the process of progression from adenomas toward cancer. The goal of a vaccine is to help the immune system in the body identify the changes in MUC1 that accompany the progression to cancer and eliminate the abnormal cells that make abnormal MUC1.
NCT00254397	Study Title: Melanoma Vaccine With Peptides and Leuprolide. Brief Summary: The goal of this clinical research study is to learn if the drug leuprolide will increase the level of immune cells in your body. Researchers will also want to know if this drug given together with melanoma vaccines (gp100 and MAGE-3) can improve the ability of tumor fighting immune cells (T cells) to fight melanoma cells. Primary Objective: 1. To compare the tumor-specific immune responses to melanoma-specific peptide vaccines, gp100 and MAGE-3 in the presence or absence of a luteinizing hormone-releasing hormone (LHRH) agonist-Leuprolide, in patients with stage IIb and III melanoma, uveal melanoma or stage IV melanoma that the metastatic lesion(s) has been surgically removed. Secondary Objectives: 1. To evaluate the kinetics of enhanced thymic activity measured by TREC analysis and flow cytometric analysis following sex hormone ablation by Leuprolide in melanoma patients. 2. To assess whether there are significant differences in overall quality of life (QOL) between patients receiving Leuprolide to those not receiving leuprolide.
NCT00042783	Study Title: Vaccine Therapy in Treating Patients With Stage IV Melanoma. Brief Summary: RATIONALE: Vaccines may make the body build an immune response to kill tumor cells. Vaccine therapy may be effective in treating stage IV melanoma. PURPOSE: Phase II trial to study the effectiveness of vaccine therapy in treating patients who have stage IV melanoma.
NCT00640861	Study Title: Vaccine Therapy in Treating Patients With Previously Treated Stage II or Stage III Breast Cancer. Brief Summary: RATIONALE: Vaccines made from peptides may help the body build an effective immune response to kill tumor cells. It is not yet known which vaccine is most effective in treating breast cancer. PURPOSE: This randomized clinical trial is studying the side effects of three different vaccine therapies and comparing the vaccines to see how well they work in treating patients with previously treated stage II or stage III breast cancer.
NCT04808245	"Study Title: A MultIceNTER Phase I Peptide VaCcine Trial for the Treatment of H3-Mutated Gliomas. Brief Summary: The study ""A MultIceNTER Phase I Peptide VaCcine Trial to Exploit NeoePitope-Specific T Cells for the Treatment of H3K27M-Mutated Gliomas - (INTERCEPT H3)"" is a non-controlled, open-label, single arm, multicenter phase I trial involving patients with gliomas carrying an H3.1K27M or H3.3K27M mutation."
NCT05479045	Study Title: A Combination Therapy Strategy to Prevent Anti-PD-1 Therapy Resistance in Metastatic Ovarian Cancer Patients. Brief Summary: This is an open label, non-randomized, 2-stage phase II, single arm study to determine the efficacy of New York esophageal squamous cell carcinoma 1 (NY-ESO-1) peptide vaccine as a priming mechanism to prevent anti-PD1 resistance in patients with platinum-refractory stage III/IV ovarian cancer (OC).
NCT01551745	Study Title: Salvage Ovarian FANG Vaccine + Bevacizumab. Brief Summary: This is a Phase II study of Vigil autologous tumor cell vaccine integrated with bevacizumab. All patients will have had Vigil prepared and stored from initial primary surgical debulking. Patients meeting eligibility criteria will receive Vigil 1.0 x 10e7 cells/intradermal injection once every 4 weeks and bevacizumab 10 mg/kg intravenously every 2 weeks.
NCT01349647	Study Title: Immunization With a Pentavalent Vaccine Composed of KLH-conjugates of GD2L, GD3L, Globo H, Fucosyl GM1, and N-Propionylated Polysialic Acid. Brief Summary: Even when small cell lung cancer responds well to treatment with chemotherapy, it has a tendency to grow back and to spread. The investigators are interested in testing new therapies aimed at decreasing this risk. This study tests a vaccine, which is a substance injected under the skin which can cause an immune response. The hope is that the body will make antibodies to the vaccine which will also react against the cancer. The vaccine is specific for small cell lung cancer. It combines several components (small cell lung cancer targets) that have been tested individually in patients with small cell lung cancer or other cancers (GD2, GD3, Globo H, Fucosyl GM1 and N-propionylated polysialic acid). Two other substances (KLH and OPT-821) are added which boost the immune system. This study will have two groups of patients. The first group will receive the vaccines along with one cycle of chemotherapy. The second group will receive the vaccines without chemotherapy.
NCT00694551	Study Title: PSMA and TARP Peptide Vaccine With Poly IC-LC Adjuvant in HLA-A2 (+) Patients With Elevated PSA After Initial Definitive Treatment. Brief Summary: Pilot Immunotherapy Study of Combination Prostate Specific Membrane Antigen (PSMA) and T-cell receptor γ alternate reading frame protein (TARP) Peptide With Poly IC-LC Adjuvant in Human Leukocyte Antigens (HLA)-A2 (+) Patients With Elevated prostatic specific antigen (PSA) After Initial Definitive Treatment. The purpose of the study is to see if the PSMA/TARP proteins in the vaccine, along with the Hiltonol, can arouse and train the immune system to kill the prostate cancer cells. Prostate cancer is the most common cancer and is the second leading cause of cancer deaths in U.S. males. It is curable when it is confined to the prostate (kept from spreading) using surgery or radiation treatments. In some patients the cancer can come back after these treatments. Treatment options for prostate cancer that comes back include procedures or medications which may have significant risks and side effects. Another plan is being looked at that uses the body's immune system to attack prostate cancer cells. A vaccine has been developed that has proteins found in prostate cancer cells. One of the proteins is called PSMA and the other is called TARP. In addition to these proteins, another substance called Poly IC-LC (Hiltonol) will be added to the vaccine to boost its ability to start the immune system.
NCT05641545	Study Title: IVAC-RCC-001: A Personalized Neoantigen Vaccine as Add-on to Standard of Care Checkpoint Inhibitor in Advanced/Metastatic RCC Patients. Brief Summary: This is a monocenter, single-arm, prospective phase Ib trial, designed to evaluate the safety, clinical toxicity and in vivo immunological effects of a patient-individualized peptide vaccination added to standard of care checkpoint blockade (nivolumab) in adult patients with metastatic/advanced renal cell carcinoma who experienced at least stable disease after four cycles of standard of care immune therapy (ipilimumab/nivolumab).
NCT00977145	Study Title: Evaluating the Safety and the Biological Effects of Intratumoral Interferon Gamma and a Peptide-Based Vaccine in Patients With Melanoma. Brief Summary: The goals of this study are to evaluate 1) the safety of administration of intratumoral interferon gamma with a peptide-based vaccine, in patients with melanoma and 2) the biological effects of the vaccine. These include an examination of changes within the tumor following vaccination and the evaluation of T cell responses to the vaccine both in the blood and at the sight of tumor.
NCT00292045	Study Title: Immunization With NY-ESO-1 Protein Combined With CpG 7909 in Patients With Prostate Cancer. Brief Summary: This was a Phase 1, open-label, fixed-dose study of immunization with the NY-ESO-1 protein combined with CpG 7909 as an adjuvant in patients with histopathologically confirmed, high-risk Stage D1 or advanced prostate cancer. The primary study objective was to assess the safety of NY-ESO-1 protein/CpG 7909 immunization, and the secondary objective was to evaluate the immunity induced by immunization.
NCT00032045	Study Title: Vaccine Therapy and Monoclonal Antibody Therapy in Treating Patients With Stage IV Melanoma. Brief Summary: RATIONALE: Vaccines made from peptides may make the body build an immune response to kill tumor cells. Monoclonal antibodies can locate tumor cells and either kill them or deliver tumor-killing substances to them without harming normal cells. Combining vaccine therapy with a monoclonal antibody may cause a stronger immune response and kill more tumor cells. PURPOSE: Phase II trial to study the effectiveness of combining vaccine therapy with monoclonal antibody therapy in treating patients who have stage IV melanoma.
NCT04969445	Study Title: The Durability of Protection Study of a Recombinant HPV 16/18 Bivalent Vaccine in Female. Brief Summary: The primary objective of this study is to evaluate the durability of protection of Recombinant Human Papillomavirus Bivalent (Types 16,18) Vaccine administered in females aged 18-45 years.
NCT00935545	Study Title: Study of Peptide Vaccination With Tumor Associated Antigens Mixed With Montanide in Patients With CNS Tumors. Brief Summary: This is an open-label, single arm study evaluating a multi-peptide (tumor-associated antigens)/Montanide vaccine in patients \< 21 years of age with recurrent or refractory CNS tumors. The study primarily evaluates the safety of this regimen. Secondarily, immunogenicity and anti-tumor effects will be assessed. The primary aim is to evaluate the safety of subcutaneous injections of tumor associated antigens (TAA) mixed with Montanide ISA-51VG in patients with recurrent or refractory brain tumors. The secondary aims are to evaluate cellular immune responses induced in patients after subcutaneous injection of TAA mixed with Montanide ISA-51VG and to document tumor response in patients with measurable disease or time to progression in patients without measurable disease following subcutaneous injection of TAA mixed with Montanide ISA-51VG.
NCT00020254	Study Title: Vaccine Therapy Plus Sargramostim and Interleukin-2 Compared With Nilutamide Alone in Treating Patients With Prostate Cancer. Brief Summary: RATIONALE: Vaccines made from prostate cancer cells may make the body build an immune response to kill tumor cells. Colony-stimulating factors such as sargramostim may increase the number of immune cells found in bone marrow or peripheral blood. Interleukin-2 may stimulate a person's white blood cells to kill prostate cancer cells. Androgens can stimulate the growth of prostate cancer cells. Hormone therapy using nilutamide may fight prostate cancer by reducing the production of androgens. It is not yet known which treatment regimen is more effective for treating prostate cancer. PURPOSE: Randomized phase II trial to compare the effectiveness of vaccine therapy plus sargramostim and interleukin-2 with that of nilutamide alone in treating patients who have prostate cancer that has not responded to hormone therapy.
NCT00142454	Study Title: NY-ESO-1 Protein Vaccine With Imiquimod in Melanoma (Adjuvant Setting). Brief Summary: This was a Phase 1, single-arm, open-label, pilot study of NY-ESO-1 protein vaccination with imiquimod as an adjuvant in patients with resected Stage IIB, IIC, and III malignant melanoma. The primary study objective was to determine the safety of NY-ESO-1 protein/imiquimod treatment, and the secondary objective was to evaluate the immunogenicity of treatment.
NCT02549833	Study Title: Neo-adjuvant Evaluation of Glioma Lysate Vaccines in WHO Grade II Glioma. Brief Summary: This is a pilot neoadjuvant vaccine study in adults with WHO grade II glioma, for which surgical resection of the tumor is clinically indicated. Co-primary objectives are to determine: 1) the safety and feasibility of the neoadjuvant approach; and 2) whether the regimen increases the level of type-1 chemokine CXCL10 and vaccine-specific (i.e., reactive to GBM6-AD) CD8+ T-cells in tumor-infiltrating leukocytes (TILs) in the surgically resected glioma.
NCT00089219	Study Title: Vaccine Therapy in Treating Patients With Stage IIIB, Stage IIIC, or Stage IV Melanoma. Brief Summary: RATIONALE: Vaccines may make the body build an immune response to kill tumor cells. PURPOSE: This randomized phase I/II trial is studying three different doses of a vaccine and comparing them to see how well they work in treating patients with stage IIIB, stage IIIC, or stage IV melanoma.
NCT01836432	"Study Title: Immunotherapy Study in Borderline Resectable or Locally Advanced Unresectable Pancreatic Cancer. Brief Summary: Unfortunately, despite the best clinical efforts and breakthroughs in biotechnology, most patients diagnosed with pancreatic cancer continue to die from the rapid progression of their disease. One primary reason for this is that the disease is typically without symptoms until significant local and/or distant spread has occurred and is often beyond the chance for cure at the time of the diagnosis. The lack of any treatment to substantially increase long term survival rates is reflected by the poor outcomes associated with this disease, specifically time to disease progression and overall survival. However, another important part of the body is now being looked at as a target for therapy against this disease - the immune system. Scientists have clearly shown that pancreatic tumor cells produce a number of defective proteins, or express normal proteins in highly uncharacteristic ways, as part of this cancer. In some cancers, these abnormalities can cause an immune response to the cancer cells much in the way one responds to infected tissue. In progressive cancers however, the immune system fails to effectively identify or respond to these abnormalities and the cancer cells are not attacked or destroyed for reasons not yet fully understood. This clinical trial proposes a new way to stimulate the immune system to recognize pancreatic cancer cells and to stimulate an immune response that destroys or blocks the growth of the cancer. This new method of treatment helps the immune system of pancreatic cancer patients to ""identify"" the cancerous tissue so that it can be eliminated from the body. As an example, most people are aware that patients with certain diseases may require an organ transplant to replace a damaged kidney or heart. After receiving their transplant, these patients receive special drugs because they are at great danger of having an immune response that destroys or ""rejects"" the transplanted organ. This ""rejection"" occurs when their immune system responds to differences between the cells of the transplanted organ and their own immune system by attacking the foreign tissue in the same way as it would attack infected tissue. When the differences between foreign tissues and the patient's body are even larger, as with the differences between organs from different species, the rejection is very rapid, highly destructive, and the immunity it generates is longlasting. This is called hyperacute rejection and the medicine used to immunize patients in this protocol tries to harness this response to teach a patient's immune system to fight their pancreatic cancer just as the body would learn to reject a transplanted organ from an animal. To do this, Algenpantucel-L immunotherapy contains human pancreatic cancer cells that contain a mouse gene that marks the cancer cells as foreign to patient's immune systems. The immune system therefore attacks these cancer cells just as they would attack any truly foreign tissue, destroying as much as it can. Additionally, the immune system is stimulated to identify differences (aside from the mouse gene) between these cancer cells and normal human tissue as foreign. This ""education"" of the immune system helps treat the patient because pancreatic cancer cells already present in a treated patient are believed to show some of the same differences from normal tissue as the modified pancreatic cancer cells in the product. Due to these similarities, the immune system, once ""educated"" by the Algenpantucel-L immunotherapy, identifies the patient's cancer as foreign and attacks. The chemotherapy combination to be used in this study has been shown to improve survival in advanced pancreatic cancer and is being combined with an experimental pancreatic cancer immunotherapy that stimulates the immune system to recognize and attack the cancer. One goal of this study is to determine whether chemotherapy and immunotherapies can work cooperatively to increase anti-tumor effects to levels beyond what would be seen with either treatment alone. In this experimental study, all patients are given a strong combination of anti-tumor chemotherapies while some patients are also given injections of an immunotherapy drug consisting of two types of pancreatic cancer cells that we have modified to make them more easily recognized and attacked by the immune system. We propose to test this new treatment protocol in patients with locally advanced pancreatic cancer to demonstrate that treatment with the immunotherapy increases the time until the tumor progresses or increases overall survival when given in combination with the current standard of care therapy for this disease."
NCT05528952	Study Title: Evaluation of the Interest to Combine a CD4 Th1-inducer Cancer Vaccine Derived From Telomerase and Atezolizumab Plus Bevacizumab in Unresectable Hepatocellular Carcinoma. Brief Summary: The TERTIO trial will propose to determine the clinical interest and immunological efficacy of a treatment combining the CD4 helper T-inducer cancer anti-telomerase vaccine (UCPVax) with anti-PD-L1 therapy (atezolizumab) and bevacizumab in unresectable HCC by evaluation of the objective response rate at 6 months (randomized phase II, 10 centers, 105 patients).
NCT01341652	Study Title: Phase II PAP Plus GM-CSF Versus GM-CSF Alone for Non-metastatic Prostate Cancer. Brief Summary: The investigators are trying to find new methods to treat prostate cancer. The approach the investigators are taking is to try to enhance patients' own immune response against the cancer. In this study the investigators will be testing the effectiveness of a vaccine that may be able to help the body fight prostate cancer.
NCT00844506	Study Title: p53 Synthetic Long Peptides Vaccine With Cyclophosphamide for Ovarian Cancer. Brief Summary: The purpose of this study is to determine whether the addition of cyclophosphamide to the treatment with the p53-SLP vaccine improves clinical efficacy and immunogenicity of the p53-SLP vaccine in ovarian cancer patients.
NCT02264236	Study Title: Vaccination of Advanced-Stage Lung Cancer Patients. Brief Summary: The overarching purpose of this study is to evaluate the clinical efficacy of an investigational agent, P10s-PADRE, a peptide mimotope-based vaccine, in combination with standard-of-care (SoC) treatment in subjects with advanced-stage (i.e., metastatic) Lung Cancer. Vaccine will consist of P10s-PADRE admixed with an adjuvant, MONTANIDETM ISA 51 VG. Up to one hundred fifty (150) subjects with advanced-stage Lung Cancer of any histologic type will be enrolled for this vaccine trial. This single-arm, multi-site trial is designed to evaluate the therapeutic benefits of the vaccine in subjects with advanced-stage lung cancer. The primary objectives of the study are: (1) to monitor the safety and tolerability of the vaccine when it is administered in combination with SoC therapy; and (2) to determine whether immunization with vaccine can successfully elicit a robust immune response in subjects with advanced-stage lung cancer.
NCT05010200	Study Title: The Safety and Tolerability of PGV001-based Personalized Multi-peptide Vaccines in the Adjuvant Setting. Brief Summary: This proof of concept study is designed to test the safety and tolerability of PGV001-based personalized multi-peptide vaccines in combination with CDX-301 in subjects with a history of aggressive prostate cancer, in the tumor free adjuvant setting.
NCT05794659	Study Title: Adjuvant Therapeutic Cancer Vaccine (AST-201, pUMVC3-hIGFBP-2) in Patients With Advanced Ovarian Cancer. Brief Summary: The purpose of this phase 2 study is to assess the efficacy and safety for adjuvant therapeutic cancer vaccine AST-201 (pUMVC3-hIGFBP-2) in patients with newly diagnosed homologous-recombination proficient(HRP) advanced ovarian cancer (Stage III) after debulking surgery. Patients will receive AST-201 with rhuGM-CSF(Colony Stimulating Factor) or placebo with rhuGM-CSF in combination with standard adjuvant chemotherapy(Paclitaxel/Carboplatin).
NCT00023842	Study Title: BCG With or Without Mitomycin in Treating Patients With Bladder Cancer. Brief Summary: RATIONALE: Biological therapies such as BCG use different ways to stimulate the immune system and stop tumor cells from growing. Drugs used in chemotherapy use different ways to stop tumor cells from dividing so they stop growing or die. Combining chemotherapy with biological therapy may kill more tumor cells. It is not yet known if BCG is more effective with or without mitomycin. PURPOSE: Randomized phase II trial to compare the effectiveness of BCG plus mitomycin with that of BCG alone in treating patients who have bladder cancer.
NCT03012100	Study Title: Multi-epitope Folate Receptor Alpha Peptide Vaccine, GM-CSF, and Cyclophosphamide in Treating Patients With Triple Negative Breast Cancer. Brief Summary: This randomized phase II trial studies how well multi-epitope folate receptor alpha peptide vaccine, sargramostim (GM-CSF), and cyclophosphamide work to prevent the recurrence of stage 1-3 triple negative breast cancer. Vaccines made from a person's white blood cells mixed with tumor proteins may help the body build an effective immune response to kill tumor cells. Drugs used in chemotherapy, such as cyclophosphamide, work in different ways to stop the growth of tumor cells, either by killing the cells, by stopping them from dividing, or by stopping them from spreading. Giving multi-epitope folate receptor alpha peptide vaccine, sargramostim (GM-CSF), and cyclophosphamide may work well together to prevent cancer recurrence after surgery and other standard treatments for triple negative breast cancer.
NCT00005052	Study Title: Vaccine Therapy in Treating Patients With Primary Stage II Melanoma. Brief Summary: RATIONALE: Vaccines may make the body build an immune response to kill tumor cells. It is not yet known whether vaccine therapy is more effective than observation alone for melanoma. PURPOSE: This randomized phase III trial is studying vaccine therapy to see how well it works compared to observation alone in treating patients with primary stage II melanoma.
NCT01909752	Study Title: Combination Vaccine Immunotherapy (DRibbles) for Patients With Definitively-Treated Stage III Non-small Cell Lung Cancer. Brief Summary: This study will test an investigational vaccine, called DRibbles, for the treatment of non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC). We hypothesize that vaccination with the DRibble vaccine will cause an immune responses against proteins contained in the DRibble vaccine and the protein antigens targeted by this strong immune response will include common antigens shared by both the vaccine and the patient's tumor.
NCT00821652	Study Title: Randomized, Double Blind, Placebo-controlled Topical Resiquimod Adjuvant for NY-ESO-1 Protein Vaccination. Brief Summary: The study is designed to see if a course of injections containing the NY-ESO-1 protein (a tumor antigen, marker expressed by tumors); in combination with an immune stimulant (adjuvant) Montanide, with or without resiquimod (another adjuvant) is well tolerated and safe in patients with surgically resected Stage IIB, IIC, Stage III or Stage IV (AJCC criteria) melanoma, a tumor that expresses NY-ESO-1. In addition, this study is designed to see if the patient's body's defense (immune) system can be boosted (strengthened) by this vaccine and if the addition of resiquimod to the vaccine makes this more likely.
NCT01827137	"Study Title: WT1 Analog Peptide Vaccine in Patients With Multiple Myeloma Following Autologous Stem Cell Transplantation. Brief Summary: The purpose of this study is to see if the investigator can help the immune system to work against myeloma through the use/administration of a peptide vaccine (immunotherapy agent) directed against the Wilms Tumor 1 (WT1) protein called galinpepimut-S (or GPS, for brief). Because cancer is produced by the patient's own body, the immune system does not easily recognize and fight cancer cells. The immune system needs to be ""trained"" to do this; the latter goal is accomplished by using a vaccine consisting of selected fragments of the target antigen, in this case, WT1. This disease has been selected for this study because the WT1 protein is often present in myeloma cells. WT1 is a gene that is involved in the normal development of kidneys and other organs. When the WT1 gene becomes abnormal, it can make proteins involved in the development of cancer, i.e., can acquire the properties of a true ""oncogene"". This study will determine whether the vaccine against the WT1 antigen (present in malignant plasmacytes) can cause an immune response which is safe, but also able to keep the myeloma from either coming back or progressing."
NCT04267237	Study Title: A Study of the Efficacy and Safety of RO7198457 in Combination With Atezolizumab Versus Atezolizumab Alone Following Adjuvant Platinum-Doublet Chemotherapy in Participants Who Are ctDNA Positive After Surgical Resection of Stage II-III Non-Small Cell Lung Cancer. Brief Summary: This study will evaluate the efficacy, safety, pharmacokinetics, immunogenicity and biomarkers of RO7198457 plus atezolizumab compared with atezolizumab alone in patients with Stage II-III non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) who are circulating tumor DNA (ctDNA) positive following surgical resection and have received standard-of-care adjuvant platinum-doublet chemotherapy.
NCT03562637	Study Title: Study of Adagloxad Simolenin (OBI-822)/OBI-821 in the Adjuvant Treatment of Patients With Globo H Positive TNBC. Brief Summary: The GLORIA study is a Phase III, randomized, open-label study to prospectively evaluate the efficacy and safety of adagloxad simolenin (OBI 822)/OBI-821 in the adjuvant treatment of patients with high risk, early stage Globo-H Positive TNBC.
NCT00072137	Study Title: Neoadjuvant Intravesical Vaccine Therapy in Treating Patients With Bladder Carcinoma Who Are Undergoing Cystectomy. Brief Summary: This phase I trial studies the side effects and best dose of vaccine therapy given directly into the bladder in treating patients who are undergoing surgery to remove all or part of the bladder. Vaccines made from a gene-modified virus may help the body build an effective immune response to kill tumor cells. Giving a vaccine directly into the bladder before surgery may cause a stronger immune response and keep tumor cells from coming back after surgery.
NCT00059475	Study Title: Peptide Vaccination for Patients at High Risk for Recurrent Melanoma. Brief Summary: This study will examine the effectiveness and side effects of an experimental vaccine to prevent recurrence of melanoma. The likelihood of melanoma returning is higher in patients who have melanoma lesions deep in the skin, in patients who have had positive lymph nodes, and in patients who have had surgery for metastatic disease (cancer that has spread beyond the primary site). Melanoma tumors produce proteins called glycoprotein 100 (gp100) and melanoma-associated antigen recognized by T cells 1 (MART-1). Vaccination with specific pieces of these proteins (peptides) may boost the immune system's fight against the cancer. The vaccine injections are mixed with an oil-based substance called Montanide ISA-51, which is intended to increase the immune response to the peptide. Patients 16 years of age and older whose melanoma has been surgically removed and who are currently free of disease may be eligible for this study. Candidates will be screened with a physical examination and blood and urine tests. An electrocardiogram (EKG), x-rays and other imaging studies will be done if recent results are not available. Some candidates may require heart tests, such as a cardiac stress test or echocardiogram, or lung function tests. In addition, all candidates will be tested for human leukocyte antigen (HLA) tissue type; patients must be type human leukocyte antigens (HLA-A)\*0201, the type on which this vaccine is based. Participants will be randomly assigned to receive one of four different vaccines to determine which peptides offer the best immunity. Each treatment course consists of two injections of the vaccines every 3 weeks for four times. The injections are given under the skin of the thigh. After every other treatment course (every 6 months), patients will undergo a series of x-rays and scans to look for tumor. The immunizations may continue for up to 12 months as long as the melanoma does not return. The injections are given at the National Institutes of Health (NIH) Clinical Center. Patients are monitored for 1 hour after each injection and have blood tests and a physical examination to look for treatment side effects. Patients will be followed with blood tests every 12 weeks to monitor body functions. They will also undergo leukapheresis-a procedure to collect white blood cells-before starting treatment and about 3 to 4 weeks after the fourth vaccine to evaluate how the vaccines affect the action of the immune system cells. For this procedure, blood is drawn through a needle in the arm, similar to donating blood. The blood goes through a machine that separates out the lymphocytes (white blood cells), and the rest of the blood is returned through a needle in the other arm. Some patients may undergo a biopsy-surgical removal of a small piece of tissue under local anesthetic-of normal skin and tumor or lymph node tissue to examine the effects of the vaccines on the tumor immune cells. Patients whose disease returns during the first course of vaccine therapy will have surgery to remove the tumor and will continue to receive the vaccine treatment. Patients whose tumor returns after completing one course of therapy may receive a substance called interleukin-2 (IL-2), which can boost immune function against the tumor. interleukin-2 (IL-2) is given intravenously (through a small tube placed in a vein) every 8 hours for 4 days. This regimen is repeated after 10 to 14 days. Those who respond to interleukin-2 (IL-2) will have a third course of treatment after 2 months. Patients whose disease recurs after treatment will be taken off the study and will be referred back to their referring physician or to another study, if an appropriate one is available.
NCT00589875	Study Title: Phase 2a Study of CAN-2409 With Standard Radiation Therapy for Malignant Glioma. Brief Summary: The purpose of this study was to evaluate the safety and potential efficacy of CAN-2409 (also known / previously described as AdV-tk, GMCI) for malignant gliomas. The approach used an adenoviral vector (disabled virus) engineered to express the Herpes thymidine kinase gene (aglatimagene besadenovec, CAN-2409), followed by an antiherpetic prodrug, valacyclovir. CAN-2409 was injected into the resection bed after standard tumor surgery and valacyclovir pills were taken for 14 days. Standard radiation and chemotherapy were administered which have been shown to work cooperatively with CAN-2409 + prodrug to kill tumor cells. The hypothesis is that this combination therapy can be safely delivered and will lead to improvement in the clinical outcome for patients with newly diagnosed malignant gliomas, including glioblastoma multiforme (WHO grade IV) and anaplastic astrocytomas (WHO grade III).
NCT00004156	Study Title: Vaccine Therapy in Treating Patients With Breast Cancer. Brief Summary: RATIONALE: Vaccines may make the body build an immune response to kill tumor cells.
NCT01348256	Study Title: Study With Dendritic Cell Immunotherapy in Resected Hepatic Metastasis of Colorectal Carcinoma. Brief Summary: In this randomized multicentric phase II study, patients with colorectal carcinoma with resectable hepatic metastasis will be randomized to treatment with dendritic cells or to observation, following conventional treatment with surgery and chemotherapy.
NCT02254915	Study Title: SHTC - EUROPE-1 Synergo Hyperthermia-Chemotherapy by European Urologists' Research Operation Preserving Evolution Study I. Brief Summary: A multi-institutional, prospective, randomised, open-label, superiority, comparative, active-controlled, phase 3 study. The study will compare Synergo RF-induced hyperthermia-chemotherapy (SHTC) plus mitomycin C (MMC) to standard treatment of bacillus Calmette-Guérin (BCG) therapy as first-line adjuvant treatment for intermediate and high-risk NMIBC, and will evaluate recurrence and progression rate over two years of follow-up.
NCT01950156	Study Title: Safety and Efficacy Study of Epitope Peptide To Treat HLA-A*24 Disease Controlled Advanced Non-small Cell Lung Cancer. Brief Summary: The investigators previously identified three novel HLA-A\*2402-restricted epitope peptides, which were derived from three cancer-testis antigens, URLC10, CDCA1, and KIF20A, as targets for vaccination against lung cancer. In this clinical study, the investigators examine using a combination of these three peptides the safety, immunogenicity, and antitumor effect of vaccine treatment to prevent relapse of the disease for HLA-A\*2402-positive advanced non-small cell lung cancer patients whose disease are controlled after any standard therapies.
NCT03662815	"Study Title: Clinical Study of a Personalized Neoantigen Cancer Vaccine in Treating Patients With Advanced Malignant Tumor. Brief Summary: This research study is evaluating a new type of cancer vaccine called ""Personalized Neoantigen Cancer Vaccine"" as a possible treatment for advanced malignant tumor. The purpose of the clinical study is evaluating the safety, tolerability and partial efficacy of the personalized neoantigen cancer vaccine in the treatment of Chinese patients with advanced malignant cancer, so as to provide a new personalized therapeutic strategy for advanced pancreatic cancer patients. It is known that cancer patients have mutations (changes in genetic material) that are specific to an individual patient and tumor. These mutations can cause the tumor cells to produce proteins that appear very different from the body's own cells. It is possible that these proteins used in a vaccine may induce strong immune responses, which may help the participant's body fight any tumor cells that could cause the cancer to come back in the future. The study will examine the safety of the vaccine when given at several different time points and will examine the participant's blood cells for signs that the vaccine induced an immune response."
NCT00016133	Study Title: Vaccine Therapy in Treating Patients With Stage II or Stage III Colon Cancer That Has Been Removed During Surgery. Brief Summary: RATIONALE: Vaccines made from a patient's white blood cells and tumor cells may make the body build an immune response to kill tumor cells. Drugs used in chemotherapy use different ways to stop tumor cells from dividing so they stop growing or die. Combining vaccine therapy with chemotherapy may kill more tumor cells. PURPOSE: Phase I/II trial to study the effectiveness of vaccine therapy combined with leucovorin and fluorouracil in treating patients who have undergone surgery to completely remove stage II or stage III colon cancer.
NCT00036933	Study Title: Vaccine Therapy Plus QS21 in Treating Patients With Prostate Cancer. Brief Summary: RATIONALE: Vaccines may make the body build an immune response to kill tumor cells. Biological therapies such as QS21 use different ways to stimulate the immune system and stop cancer cells from growing. Combining vaccine therapy with QS21 may kill more tumor cells. PURPOSE: Phase II trial to study the effectiveness of combining vaccine therapy with QS21 in treating patients who have prostate cancer.
NCT00365937	Study Title: Immunization of Disease-Free Melanoma Patients With Different HLA-A2 Peptides. Brief Summary: Open-label single center study. Patients will be divided in four groups of 7. Group 1: 8 melanoma-specific peptides in saline; Group 2: same mix of peptides + Montanide ISA51; Group 3: same mix of peptides + IMP321 500 µg; Group 4: same mix of peptides + IMP321 500 µg + Montanide ISA51. These vaccines will be administered every 3 weeks on 5 occasions by intradermal and superficial subcutaneous injections.
NCT00072085	Study Title: Immunization With gp100 Protein Vaccine in Treating Patients With Metastatic Melanoma. Brief Summary: RATIONALE: Vaccines may make the body build an immune response to kill tumor cells. PURPOSE: This randomized phase II trial is studying immunization using two different gp100 protein vaccines to compare how well they work in treating patients with metastatic melanoma.
NCT01584115	Study Title: Clinical Trial of a Therapeutic Vaccine With NY-ESO-1 in Combination With the Adjuvant Monophosphoryl Lipid A (MPLA). Brief Summary: This study is a clinical trial phase I/II. Its goal is to determine the safety, tolerability, immunogenicity and efficacy of a therapeutic vaccine with the tumor antigen NY-ESO-1 combined with the adjuvant MPLA from B. pertussis in cancer patients.
NCT02405585	"Study Title: Immunotherapy and SBRT Study in Borderline Resectable Pancreatic Cancer. Brief Summary: Unfortunately, despite the best clinical efforts and breakthroughs in biotechnology, most patients diagnosed with pancreatic cancer continue to die from the rapid progression of their disease. One primary reason for this is that the disease is typically without symptoms until significant local and/or distant spread has occurred and is often beyond the chance for cure at the time of the diagnosis. The lack of any treatment to substantially increase long term survival rates is reflected by the poor outcomes associated with this disease, specifically time to disease progression and overall survival. However, another important part of the body is now being looked at as a target for therapy against this disease - the immune system. Scientists have clearly shown that pancreatic tumor cells produce a number of defective proteins, or express normal proteins in highly uncharacteristic ways, as part of this cancer. In some cancers, these abnormalities can cause an immune response to the cancer cells much in the way one responds to infected tissue. In progressive cancers however, the immune system fails to effectively identify or respond to these abnormalities and the cancer cells are not attacked or destroyed for reasons not yet fully understood. This clinical trial proposes a new way to stimulate the immune system to recognize pancreatic cancer cells and to stimulate an immune response that destroys or blocks the growth of the cancer. This new method of treatment helps the immune system of pancreatic cancer patients to ""identify"" the cancerous tissue so that it can be eliminated from the body. As an example, patients with certain diseases may require an organ transplant to replace a damaged kidney or heart. After receiving their transplant, these patients receive special drugs because they are at great danger of having an immune response that destroys or ""rejects"" the transplanted organ. This ""rejection"" occurs when their immune system responds to differences between the cells of the transplanted organ and their own immune system by attacking the foreign tissue in the same way as it would attack infected tissue. When the differences between foreign tissues and the patient's body are even larger, as with the differences between organs from different species, the rejection is very rapid, highly destructive, and the immunity it generates is longlasting. This is called hyperacute rejection and the medicine used to immunize patients in this protocol tries to harness this response to teach a patient's immune system to fight their pancreatic cancer just as the body would learn to reject a transplanted organ from an animal. To do this, Algenpantucel-L immunotherapy contains human pancreatic cancer cells that contain a mouse gene that marks the cancer cells as foreign to patient's immune systems. The immune system therefore attacks these cancer cells just as they would attack any truly foreign tissue, destroying as much as it can. Additionally, the immune system is stimulated to identify differences (aside from the mouse gene) between these cancer cells and normal human tissue as foreign. This ""education"" of the immune system helps treat the patient because pancreatic cancer cells already present in a treated patient are believed to show some of the same differences from normal tissue as the modified pancreatic cancer cells in the product. Due to these similarities, the immune system, once ""educated"" by the Algenpantucel-L immunotherapy, identifies the patient's cancer as foreign and attacks. Historically, external beam radiation has been part of the treatment of pancreatic cancer, both before and after surgical resection. Recent breakthroughs in technology now allow for more intensive doses of radiation to be delivered to the body with greater precision. These newer, more precise radiation treatments, called stereotactic body radiation, deliver more intensive radiation to a locally advanced tumor and are now being employed in the treatment of pancreatic cancer. Stereotactic body radiation may increase the chances that surgery will successfully remove a pancreatic cancer. In this experimental study, all patients will be given a strong combination of antitumor chemotherapy while receiving injections of an immunotherapy drug consisting of two types of pancreatic cancer cells that have been modified to make them more easily recognized and attacked by the immune system. The investigators propose to test this new treatment paradigm along with stereotactic body radiation in patients with borderline resectable pancreatic cancer to demonstrate that treatment with this combination of therapies increases the time until the tumor progresses as well as overall survival."
NCT01403285	Study Title: Peptide-based Glioma Vaccine IMA950 in Patients With Glioblastoma. Brief Summary: BACKGROUND: Active immunotherapy of cancer is based on the premise that the vaccine raises a cytotoxic immune response to tumor-associated antigens, thereby destroying malignant cells without harming normal cells. IMA950 is a therapeutic multi-peptide vaccine containing 11 tumor-associated peptides (TUMAPs) found in a majority of glioblastomas, and is designed to activate TUMAP-specific T cells. The use of 11 TUMAPs increases the likelihood of a multi-clonal, highly specific T-cell response against tumor cells leading to decreased likelihood of immune evasion of the tumor by down-regulation of target antigens. PURPOSE: The primary objective of this study is to determine the safety and tolerability of IMA950 when given with cyclophosphamide, granulocyte macrophage-colony stimulating factor (GM-CSF) and imiquimod in patients with glioblastoma and to determine if IMA950 shows sufficient immunogenicity in these patients. ELIGIBILITY: Patients with histologically proven GBMs who have completed radiotherapy, and have stable disease following at least 4 cycles of adjuvant temozolomide.
NCT00323115	Study Title: Phase II Feasibility Study of Dendritic Cell Vaccination for Newly Diagnosed Glioblastoma Multiforme. Brief Summary: Adult patients who have surgical resection of newly diagnosed glioblastoma multiforme will be treated with radiotherapy/chemotherapy followed by dendritic cell vaccine. Chemotherapy will be administered after three vaccinations for one year or until progression of disease.
NCT00006385	Study Title: Vaccine Therapy With or Without Biological Therapy in Treating Patients With Metastatic Melanoma. Brief Summary: RATIONALE: Vaccines may make the body build an immune response to kill tumor cells. Biological therapies such as sargramostim and interferon alfa use different ways to stimulate the immune system and stop cancer cells from growing. It is not yet known if vaccine therapy if more effective with or without biological therapy for melanoma. PURPOSE: Randomized phase II trial to compare the effectiveness of vaccine therapy with or without biological therapy in treating patients who have metastatic melanoma.
NCT01588015	Study Title: Vaccine Therapy in Preventing Cytomegalovirus Infection in Patients With Hematological Malignancies Undergoing Donor Stem Cell Transplant. Brief Summary: This randomized phase I trial studies the side effects of vaccine therapy in preventing cytomegalovirus (CMV) infection in patients with hematological malignancies undergoing donor stem cell transplant. Vaccines made from a tetanus-CMV peptide or antigen may help the body build an effective immune response and prevent or delay the recurrence of CMV infection in patients undergoing donor stem cell transplant for hematological malignancies.
NCT06341907	Study Title: Application of MRD Combined With Personalized Vaccine in the Treatment of Postoperative Recurrence Prevention of EOC. Brief Summary: The goal of this clinical trial is as follows:(1) Establish a clinical technical system for ctDNA dynamic monitoring of MRD in postoperative EOC patients, providing a new technical means for postoperative recurrence prevention and monitoring of EOC patients.(2) Establish a clinical technical system for adjuvant treatment of postoperative recurrence prevention for EOC patients with conventional protocols combined with personalized vaccines, so as to provide a new treatment method for postoperative recurrence prevention for EOC patients, with a view to obtaining a better survival prognosis.(3) To establish and improve the prediction process of Neoantigen for ovarian cancer and the in vitro evaluation system of the effectiveness of neoantigen vaccine, achieve independent innovation of tumor neoantigen vaccine treatment technology, and cultivate a group of technical forces to master the development of modern tumor vaccine drugs.(4) The new technology system has been promoted and applied in 5 hospitals in the province.
NCT01213407	Study Title: Dendritic Cell Cancer Vaccine for High-grade Glioma. Brief Summary: A randomised, open-label, 2-arm, multi-centre, phase II clinical study with one group receiving standard therapy with Temozolomide, radiotherapy, and Trivax; and a control group receiving standard therapy with Temozolomide and radiotherapy only; after tumour resection of at least 70% in both groups. The hypothesis is based on the assumption that time to progression will be doubled in the treatment group.
NCT05101356	Study Title: A Cancer Vaccine (Labvax 3(22)-23) and GM-CSF Alone or in Combination With Pembrolizumab for the Treatment of Advanced Stage Adenocarcinoma. Brief Summary: This phase 1/2 trial tests the safety and effectiveness of a cancer vaccine called Labvax 3(22)-23 and GM-CSF alone or in combination with pembrolizumab in treating adenocarcinoma that has spread to other places in the body (advanced stage). Labvax 3(22)-23 is designed to target a specific antigen (labyrinthin), which is a protein found on the surface of adenocarcinoma tumor cells. Labyrinthin is a protein that is not expressed on normal cells in the skin, lungs, salivary glands, pancreas, nor other tissues. In adenocarcinoma, the tumor cells produce too much labyrinthin causing them to express this protein on the surface of the tumor cells. One way to control the growth of these tumor cells is to teach the immune system to generate an immune response against the labyrinthin protein by vaccination against labyrinthin. GM-CSF, or sargramostim, is a protein that acts as a white blood cell growth factor. It has also been shown to stimulate immune system. Thus, administration of GM-CSF may help to boost the immune system response when given together with the vaccine. This study may improve the general knowledge about Labvax 3(22)-23 and how the body may generate an immune response to kill adenocarcinoma tumor cells. In the second phase of the study, participants will also receive pembrolizumab, which may improve anti-cancer activity when given with Labvax 3(22)-23 and GM-CSF.
NCT05014607	Study Title: Personalized Multi-peptide Vaccination in Combination With the TLR1/2 Ligand XS15 in Cancer Patients. Brief Summary: The aim of this project is to provide personalized multi-peptide vaccination in combination with the TLR1/2 ligand XS15 to individual patients with advanced solid and hematological malignancies without any approved treatment options.
NCT04432207	Study Title: A Study of IMU-201 (PD1-Vaxx), a B-Cell Immunotherapy, in Adults With Non-Small Cell Lung Cancer. Brief Summary: An Open Label, Multi-Center, Dose Escalation/Expansion, Phase 1/1b Study of IMU 201 (PD1-Vaxx), a B-Cell Immunotherapy as monotherapy or in combination with atezolizumab with or without chemotherapy, in Adults with Non-Small Cell Lung Cancer (IMPrinter).
NCT03956056	Study Title: Neoantigen Peptide Vaccine Strategy in Pancreatic Cancer Patients Following Surgical Resection and Adjuvant Chemotherapy. Brief Summary: This is a phase 1 open-label study to evaluate the safety and immunogenicity of a neoantigen peptide vaccine strategy in pancreatic cancer patients following surgical resection and adjuvant chemotherapy. The neoantigen peptide vaccines will incorporate prioritized neoantigens and personalized mesothelin epitopes and will be co-administered with poly-ICLC. The hypothesis of this study is that neoantigen peptide vaccines will be safe and capable of generating measurable neoantigen-specific CD4 and CD8 T cell responses.
NCT00986609	Study Title: MUC1 Vaccine for Triple-negative Breast Cancer. Brief Summary: RATIONALE: Vaccines made from peptides may help the body build an effective immune response to kill tumor cells. Giving booster vaccinations may make a stronger immune response and prevent or delay the recurrence of cancer. PURPOSE: To evaluate the efficacy of poly-ICLC + MUCI peptide vaccine in boosting the immunologic response to MUCI in patients with triple-negative BC.
NCT06344156	Study Title: Neoantigen Vaccine Plus Anti-PD1 and Chemotherapy as an Adjuvant Therapy for Pancreatic Cancer. Brief Summary: The aim of this single center, single arm and prospective study is to explore the safety and efficacy of Neoantigen Vaccine Plus Anti-PD1 and Chemotherapy in postoperative adjuvant treatment of Pancreatic Cancer.
NCT04051307	Study Title: Dual Vaccine Trial in Myeloproliferative Neoplasms. Brief Summary: A phase I-II study in patients with mutated MPN by vaccinating with PD-L1 and Aginase1 peptides with Montanide ISA-51 as adjuvant, to monitor the immunological response to vaccination and subsequently safety, toxicity and clinical effect.
NCT00006478	Study Title: Vaccine Therapy Following Chemotherapy & Peripheral Stem Cell Transplantation in Treating Non-Hodgkin's Lymphoma. Brief Summary: RATIONALE: Vaccines made from a person's cancer cells may make the body build an immune response to kill cancer cells. Vaccine therapy may be an effective treatment for non-Hodgkin's lymphoma. PURPOSE: Phase II trial to study the effectiveness of vaccine therapy following chemotherapy and peripheral stem cell transplantation in treating patients who have non-Hodgkin's lymphoma.
NCT01265433	Study Title: WT-1 Analog Peptide Vaccine in Malignant Pleural Mesothelioma After Combined Modality Therapy. Brief Summary: Study of a Wilms Tumor-1 (WT1) vaccine to see if it delays or prevents the mesothelioma from growing back after surgery. WT1 is a protein in cancer cells that regulates gene expression and causes cell growth.
NCT00031733	Study Title: Vaccine Therapy and Interleukin-12 With Either Alum or Sargramostim After Surgery in Treating Patients With Melanoma. Brief Summary: RATIONALE: Vaccines made from peptides may make the body build an immune response. Combining vaccine therapy with interleukin-12 and either alum or sargramostim may kill more tumor cells. PURPOSE: Randomized phase II trial to compare the effectiveness of combining vaccine therapy with interleukin-12 and either alum or sargramostim in treating patients who have undergone surgery for stage II, stage III, or stage IV melanoma.
NCT00019487	Study Title: Vaccine Therapy With or Without Interleukin-2 in Treating Patients With Metastatic Melanoma. Brief Summary: RATIONALE: Vaccines made from a person's white blood cells may make the body build an immune response and kill tumor cells. PURPOSE: Phase II trial to study the effectiveness of vaccine therapy in treating patients who have metastatic melanoma that has not responded to previous therapy.
NCT00001439	Study Title: A Phase I Study of gp100 Human Melanoma Peptide Vaccine With Incomplete Freund's Adjuvant. Brief Summary: This is a phase I study of melanoma tumor antigen peptide vaccines. The nine amino acid peptides representing HLA-A2 restricted T cell epitope of the melanoma antigen, gp100 will be administered to patients emulsified in Incomplete Freund's Adjuvant, (IFA). The study is designed to evaluate the toxicity, immunologic effects and potential therapeutic role of repeated doses of gp100 peptide vaccines administered subcutaneously. Immune reactivity to the gp100 epitope peptides will be monitored in all patients by analysis of melanoma-specific T cell precursor frequency prior to and after immunization.
NCT04114825	Study Title: Study of RV001V in Biochemical Failure Following Curatively Intended Therapy For Localized Prostate Cancer. Brief Summary: This Phase II trial will enroll approximately 180 adult male patients with an earlier histologic diagnosis of prostatic adenocarcinoma and a biochemical recurrence (BCR) within 3 years of radical prostatectomy (RP) or definitive RT and no distant metastasis or locoregional recurrence. The trial is a randomized placebo-controlled double-blind study of a peptide cancer vaccine (RV001V).
NCT01810016	Study Title: NY-ESO-1 Vaccine in Combination With Ipilimumab in Patients With Unresectable or Metastatic Melanoma. Brief Summary: This was a Phase 1, open-label, non-randomized study of the combination of NY-ESO-1 plus ipilimumab in patients with unresectable or metastatic melanoma for whom treatment with ipilimumab was indicated. Patients must have had evidence of NY-ESO-1 or LAGE-1 tumor positivity and radiologically measurable disease by the immune-related Response Criteria (irRC). Primary study objectives were to determine the safety and tolerability of the combination and to evaluate humoral and cellular immune response. Secondary objectives were to evaluate tumor response and immunological changes in the tumor microenvironment.
NCT01341496	Study Title: Tumor Cell Vaccines and ISCOMATRIX With Chemotherapy After Tumor Removal. Brief Summary: Background: - A tumor cell vaccine is an experimental cancer treatment. Cancer cells are collected from a patient and then used to develop a vaccine. The vaccine will produce an immune system response to help destroy other cancer cells in the body. Researchers are studying ways to improve these tumor cell vaccines. One way is to add an adjuvant. An adjuvant is a substance that brings about a stronger immune system response. ISCOMATRIX is an adjuvant that has been used safely in other clinical studies. But it has not been studied with certain tumor cell vaccines. Researchers want to find out whether a tumor cell vaccine with ISCOMATRIX, given along with cancer drug treatment, is a safe and effective way to slow or prevent tumor growth after tumor removal surgery. Objectives: - To assess the safety and effectiveness of tumor cell vaccines given with ISCOMATRIX and drug therapy after tumor removal surgery. Eligibility: - People at least 18 years of age who have had tumor cell vaccines developed from cells taken from surgically removed tumors. Design: * Patients will be screened with a physical examination, medical history, blood and urine tests, and imaging studies. * Patients will be treated with cyclophosphamide (once daily) and celecoxib (twice daily) for 7 days before the first vaccine dose. * Patients will receive the tumor cell vaccine once a month for 6 months. They will continue to receive drug therapy throughout the vaccine treatment. Patients will be monitored with regular blood tests and imaging studies. * After the first 6 months, patients who have an immune response to the vaccine will continue treatment with the vaccine and chemotherapy. They will also have regular blood tests and imaging studies. They will have this treatment for up to 24 months from the first vaccination or until they no longer have an immune response. * Participants will have followup visits for up to 5 years after the first vaccination, or until the tumor returns.
NCT00020358	Study Title: Vaccine Therapy in Treating Patients With Melanoma. Brief Summary: RATIONALE: Vaccines may make the body build an immune response to kill tumor cells. Vaccine therapy may be an effective treatment for melanoma. PURPOSE: Randomized phase II trial to study the effectiveness of three vaccine therapy regimens in treating patients who have melanoma.
NCT02526316	Study Title: Cisplatin-based Chemotherapy Combined With P16_37-63 Peptide Vaccination in Patients With HPV-positive Cancers. Brief Summary: The study will include 10 patients with HPV-associated ano-genital cancer (cervical, vulvar, vaginal, penile, anal) or HPV-associated head and neck cancer, who are planned to receive a cisplatin-based chemotherapy (alternatively a carboplatin-based chemotherapy may be selected by investigators choice). Patients will receive P16_37-63 peptide (100 µg) combined with Montanide ISA-51 VG subcutaneously once a week for four weeks, followed by a 4 week rest period (1 cycle). The vaccination is to be started one week before the initiation or continuation of the cisplatin-based chemotherapy. Concurrent radiation is allowed and should be documented. The vaccination schedule will be repeated up to a total of 3 cycles (= 6 months) or until progression or intolerable toxicity. If chemotherapy is withheld (e.g. for toxicity), vaccination treatment can be continued.
NCT00365716	Study Title: Dose-Ranging Study of Quadrivalent Human Papillomavirus (HPV) (Types 6,11,16,18) L1 Virus-Like Particle (VLP) Vaccine (V501-007)(COMPLETED). Brief Summary: This study was conducted in 2 parts. Part A was a randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled, multicenter, sequential dose-escalating evaluation. Part B was a randomized, double-blind (operating under in-house blinding procedures), placebo-controlled, multicenter, dose-ranging study.
NCT00698711	Study Title: Vaccination of Prostate Cancer Patients With MUC-2-KLH Conjugate Plus the Immunological Adjuvant QS21. Brief Summary: The purpose of this research is to help us study a vaccine treatment for patients with prostate cancer. A vaccine is a medicine that teaches the body to destroy harmful infections and other foreign substances. The immune system is made up of many different types of cells, which fight infection and disease in your body. A vaccine may stimulate the immune system to destroy the cancer cells. It may also help to slow the growth of the cancer. The vaccine is a solution given as an injection given into or under the skin. It is made up of several parts. The first part is MUC-2, a protein present in many cancers, especially prostate cancer. MUC-2 is attached to a material called KLH or keyhole limpet hemocyanin. KLH is purified from a snail- like marine mollusk called a keyhole limpet and has been used for many years to boost immune responses in animals and in people. Attaching MUC-2 to KLH helps the immune system react to MUC-2. The mixture of MUC-2 attached to KLH is in turn mixed with a material called QS21, from the bark of a tree, which also helps the immune system to make more cancer- fighting cells. A vaccine like the one you will receive has been given to laboratory animals and been shown to produce an immune response in these animals.
NCT02366728	Study Title: DC Migration Study for Newly-Diagnosed GBM. Brief Summary: This randomized phase II study will assess the impact of pre-conditioning on migration and survival among newly diagnosed glioblastoma (GBM) patients who have undergone definitive resection and completed standard temozolomide (TMZ) and radiation treatment, as well as the impact of tetanus pre-conditioning and basiliximab together on survival. After completing standard of care radiotherapy with concurrent TMZ, patients will be randomized to 1 of 3 treatment arms: 1). receive cytomegalovirus (CMV)-specific dendritic cell (DC) vaccines with unpulsed (not loaded) DC pre-conditioning prior to the 4th vaccine; 2). receive CMV-specific DC vaccines with Tetanus-Diphtheria Toxoid (Td) pre-conditioning prior to the 4th vaccine; 3). receive basiliximab infusions prior to the 1st and 2nd DC vaccines along with Td pre-conditioning prior to the 4th vaccine. A permuted block randomization algorithm using a 1:1:1 allocation ratio will be used to assign patients to a treatment arm. Randomization will be stratified by CMV status (positive, negative), with the assignment to arms I and II being double-blinded. Effective March 2017, randomization to Group III has been terminated.
NCT00148928	Study Title: Safety & Activity of P501-AS15 Vaccine as a First-line Treatment for Patients With Hormone-sensitive Prostate Cancer Who Show Rising PSA. Brief Summary: Patients with hormone-sensitive prostate cancer and rising PSA, after primary tumor treatment, will be treated with the P501-AS15 vaccine as out-patients. The maximum dose will be 16 vaccinations, given over a period of approximately one year. Thereafter, the patients' long-term safety and PSA status will be followed over a period of approximately 11 months.
NCT02287428	"Study Title: Personalized NeoAntigen Cancer Vaccine w RT Plus Pembrolizumab for Patients With Newly Diagnosed GBM. Brief Summary: This research study is studying a new type of vaccine as a possible treatment for patients with glioblastoma. This research study is a Phase I clinical trial, which tests the safety of an investigational intervention and also tries to define the appropriate dose of the intervention to use for further studies. ""Investigational"" means that the intervention is being studied and that research doctors are trying to find more about it. It also means that the FDA (U.S. Food and Drug Administration) has not approved the Personalized NeoAntigen Cancer Vaccine for any use in patients, including people with glioblastoma. The purpose of the initial study cohort (Cohort 1) is to determine if it is possible to make and administer safely a vaccine against glioblastoma by using information gained from specific characteristics of the participants tumor. It is known that glioblastomas have mutations (changes in genetic material) that are specific to an individual patient's tumor. These mutations can cause the tumor cells to produce proteins that appear very different from the body's own cells. It is possible that these proteins used in a vaccine may induce strong immune responses, which may help the body fight any tumor cells that could cause the glioblastoma to come back in the future. Three additional cohorts (1a, 1b, \& 1c) were added to the study following completion of accrual to the original study cohort (cohort 1). Each new cohort receives NeoVax and radiation therapy as administered to cohort 1 and will also receive pembrolizumab: cohort 1a patients will start pembrolizumab w/in 2 weeks after start of RT, and continue every 3 weeks for up to 2 years; cohort 1b patients will start pembrolizumab 2-4 weeks after completion of NeoVax priming, and continue every 3 weeks for up to 2 years; cohort 1c patients will receive a single dose of pembrolizumab administered within 2 weeks after start of RT, re-start 2-4 weeks after completion of NeoVax priming, and continue every 3 weeks for up to 2 years. The rationale for adding these new cohorts is: 1) to assess the safety and feasibility of NeoVax when administered with pembrolizumab; and 2) to determine if the timing of anti-PD-1 administration impacts the immunogenicity of NeoVax. An additional sub-study cohort (1d) is being added for patients whose tumor is MGMT-methylated. Cohort 1d will enroll patients with tumors for which the MGMT status is methylated or partially methylated; patients on cohort 1d will receive standard daily temozolomide during radiation and as adjuvant therapy for up to six cycles following completion of radiation therapy. The rationale for adding cohort 1d is to determine the safety and feasibility of NeoVax when administered with pembrolizumab and temozolomide."
NCT00017537	Study Title: Vaccine Therapy in Treating Patients With Metastatic or Recurrent Cancer. Brief Summary: RATIONALE: Vaccines may make the body build an immune response to kill tumor cells. PURPOSE: Phase I trial to study the effectiveness of vaccine therapy in treating patients who have metastatic or recurrent cancer.
NCT00006352	Study Title: Monoclonal Antibody Therapy Plus BCG in Treating Patients With Limited-Stage Small Cell Lung Cancer. Brief Summary: RATIONALE: Monoclonal antibodies can locate tumor cells and either kill them or deliver tumor-killing substances to them without harming normal cells. BCG may activate the immune system to kill tumor cells. Combining monoclonal antibody therapy with BCG may kill more tumor cells. It is not yet known if monoclonal antibody therapy plus BCG is an effective treatment for limited-stage small cell lung cancer. PURPOSE: Randomized phase III trial to determine the effectiveness of monoclonal antibody therapy plus BCG in treating patients who have limited-stage small cell lung cancer.
NCT00005632	Study Title: Vaccine Therapy Plus QS21 in Treating Patients With Prostate Cancer. Brief Summary: RATIONALE: Vaccines may make the body build an immune response to kill tumor cells. Combining a vaccine with QS21 may kill more tumor cells. PURPOSE: Phase I trial to study the effectiveness of vaccine therapy plus immune adjuvant QS21 in treating patients who have prostate cancer.
NCT00077532	Study Title: Monoclonal Antibody With or Without gp100 Peptides Plus Montanide ISA-51 in Treating Patients With Stage IV Melanoma. Brief Summary: RATIONALE: Biological therapies, such as MDX-010, work in different ways to stimulate the immune system and stop tumor cells from growing. Vaccines made from gp100 peptides may make the body build an immune response to kill tumor cells. Combining the vaccines with Montanide ISA-51 may cause a stronger immune response and kill more tumor cells. It is not yet known whether monoclonal antibody therapy is more effective with or without vaccine therapy in treating advanced melanoma. PURPOSE: This randomized phase II trial is studying monoclonal antibody therapy alone to see how well it works compared to monoclonal antibody therapy, gp100 peptides, and Montanide ISA-51 in treating patients with stage IV melanoma.
NCT03391232	Study Title: PolyPEPI1018 Vaccine and CDx for the Treatment of Metastatic Colorectal Cancer (OBERTO). Brief Summary: Phase I/II clinical trial investigates the safety, tolerability, immunogenicity and preliminary efficacy of multiple doses of PolyPEPI1018 CRC vaccine as an add-on treatment to the standard-of-care maintenance therapy in patients with metastatic colorectal cancer. Clinical responses will be evaluated by indiction of T cell responses, T lymphocyte infiltration in accessible biopsy sites, and by objective tumor responses. This study will also explore the accuracy of the predicted T cell responses in each patient using the candidate companion diagnostic test and the correlations between clinical responses and predicted T cell responses.
NCT01355393	Study Title: Vaccine Therapy in Combination With Rintatolimod and/or Sargramostim in Treating Patients With Stage II-IV HER2-Positive Breast Cancer. Brief Summary: This randomized phase I/II trial studies the side effects and best dose of rintatolimod when given together with vaccine therapy and sargramostim (GM-CSF) to see how well it works in treating patients with stage II-IV human epidermal growth factor receptor 2 (HER2)-positive breast cancer. Vaccines made from synthetic HER2/neu peptides may help the body build an effective immune response to kill tumor cells that express HER-2/neu. Adjuvant therapies, such as GM-CSF and rintatolimod, are additional cancer treatments given after the primary treatment to lower the risk that the cancer will come back and are one way to help vaccines produce stronger immune responses. Giving vaccine therapy together with rintatolimod and/or GM-CSF may be a safe and effective treatment for breast cancer.
NCT06218511	Study Title: A Phase I Trial of IMA970A Plus Montanide in Combination With Durvalumab (Anti-PD-L1). Brief Summary: The trial is designed as a single-arm, open-label, phase I study investigating an off-the-shelf, multi-peptide-base HCC vaccine plus Montanide, combined with Durvalumab in patients with very early, early and intermediate stage of HCC. The investigational agents will be applied without concomitant anti-tumour therapy with the intention to reduce risk of recurrence/progression in patients who have received all indicated standard treatments.
NCT00109811	Study Title: Vaccine Therapy in Treating Patients With Recurrent Prostate Cancer. Brief Summary: This phase II trial is studying how well vaccine therapy works in treating patients with recurrent prostate cancer. Vaccines made from peptides may help the body build an effective immune response to kill tumor cells.
NCT01853878	Study Title: A Study to Demonstrate the Benefit of a New Kind of Anti-cancer Treatment [PReferentially Expressed Antigen of MElanoma (PRAME) Immunotherapy] for Patients With Non-Small Cell Lung Cancer (NSCLC), After Removal of Their Tumor. Brief Summary: The purpose of this study was to test a potential new kind of anti-cancer treatment, called PRAME immunotherapy in resected patients with lung cancer. Based on scientific and medical relevance, the clinical study was ended on 24 August 2016. The participants were no longer enrolled in the study, the follow ups on subjects were stopped and the collection and analysis of samples for further research purposes was stopped. After the stop to recruitment, the study was unblinded, as per the amended protocol, the study treatment was continued and completed with the subjects of the active treatment group who were willing to continue. Subjects in the placebo group were withdrawn. There was no longer an active follow-up of patients after discontinuation or completion of the treatment. The study ended 30 days after the last dose was administered. As a result, primary and secondary objectives were not assessed as planned. All clinical and safety data collected in the study were analysed descriptively. For each biological sample already collected in the scope of this study and not tested yet, testing was not performed by default, except if a scientific rationale remained relevant despite the premature termination of the study.
NCT04523688	Study Title: Vaccination With Autologous Dendritic Cells Loaded With Autologous Tumour Homogenate in Glioblastoma. Brief Summary: Single arm, monocentric trial to assess the safety and the progression-free survival related to the combined treatment of dendritic cell vaccine loaded with autologous tumor homogenate and temozolomide in patients operated for glioblastoma and then treated with standard radiochemotherapy (according to Stupp regimen).
NCT02795988	Study Title: A Study of IMU-131(HER-Vaxx) and Chemotherapy Compared to Chemotherapy Only in Patients With HER2 Positive Advanced Gastric Cancer. Brief Summary: The Phase 1b study is an open-label, multicenter dose escalation study designed to assess the safety, tolerability, immunogenicity and recommended phase 2 dose (RP2D) of IMU-131. The RP2D will be evaluated in the dose expansion Phase 2 study. The Phase 2 study is a randomized, open label comparison of IMU-131 plus standard of care chemotherapy versus standard of care chemotherapy alone.
NCT00089778	"Study Title: Vaccine Treatment of Kidney Cancer. Brief Summary: This study will evaluate the safety and side effects of two experimental vaccines in patients with kidney cancer and determine whether the vaccines ""turn on"" an immune response to the cancer. Each vaccine contains one of two peptides (pieces of proteins) from the fibroblast growth factor 5 (FGF-5) antigen, a protein produced by some cancer cells, and an oil-based liquid called Incomplete Freud's Adjuvant (Montanide ISA-51) that enhances the immune response to the vaccine. Patients 16 years of age and older who have kidney cancer that has spread beyond the kidney or whose primary kidney tumor has been removed within 6 months before entering the study and are at high risk for disease recurrence may be eligible for this study. Patients must have tissue type human leukocyte antigen serotype within HLA-A A serotype group (HLA-A2) or human leukocyte antigen serotype within HLA-A A serotype group (HLA-A3) (determined by a blood test for human leukocyte antigen (HLA) typing) and their tumors must produce the FGF-5 peptide. Candidates are screened with a physical examination, blood and urine tests, electrocardiogram (EKG), tumor biopsy (removal of a small sample of tumor for examination) in patients whose tumor is easily accessible, and scans (computed tomography (CT), bone scans) and x-rays if current scans are not available. Participants are divided into two groups according to their HLA type (HLA-A2 or HLA-A3) to receive the vaccine appropriate for their HLA type. They are then further divided into three groups: 1) Group 1 includes patients who do not need or are ineligible for treatment with interleukin-2 (IL-2), a protein made by certain infection-fighting white cells that helps fight tumors) and patients who have previously had IL-2 therapy; 2) Group 2 includes patients who require immediate treatment with IL-2; and 3) Group 3 includes patients whose cancer has been surgically removed but who are at risk for recurrence. Patients in Groups 1 and 3 receive two peptide injections four times a week every 3 weeks for up to a year, or until their tumor grows (or returns in patients in Group 3) or the side effects are too severe to continue. Tumors are evaluated with a physical examination and scans or x-rays every 12 weeks and blood tests are done every 3 weeks. Patients in Group 2 receive two peptide injections every day for 4 days, along with doses of IL-2 starting the day after the first peptide injection. The vaccines are given as injections under the skin of the thigh. IL-2 is infused through a vein over 15 minutes every 8 hours for up to 12 doses, depending on tolerance. The vaccine and IL-2 are repeated every 10 to 14 days, with tumor evaluations every 2 months. Patients stay in the hospital about 1 week during each treatment cycle to receive the IL-2. All patients undergo leukapheresis, a procedure for collecting large numbers of white blood cells. Blood is collected through a needle in an arm vein and flows through a cell separator machine, where the white cells are extracted. The rest of the blood is returned to the patient through the same needle or a needle in the other arm. The white cells are examined to evaluate how the vaccines change the action of immune cells. Some patients may undergo an additional biopsy of normal skin and tumor or lymph node to look at the effects of the vaccine on the immune cells in the tumor. Patients in Group 1 whose cancer grows and patients in Group C whose cancer returns may be offered IL-2 treatments as given to Group 2 patients, along with the peptide vaccine. If the disease responds to IL-2, the treatment may be repeated after 2 months."
NCT02501278	Study Title: A Phase II Clinical Trial of Chemo-radiotherapy in Combination With INO-3112 in Patients With Locally Advanced Cervical Cancer. Brief Summary: The aim of this study is to assess the potential benefit of the addition of immunotherapy with VGX-3100 and INO-9012 (i.e. INO-3112) to concomitant CRT or, to concomitant CRT and continued as adjuvant in patients with locally advanced cervical cancer. Safety run-in: To test the safety of CRT combined with immunotherapy with INO-3112. This safety run-in phase will include the first 3 patients treated in each of the two INO-3112 combination arms who are exposed to at least two immunotherapy doses and evaluate whether the combination does not pose undue immediate risks to the patients further enrolled in the trial. Phase II:To demonstrate sufficient activity in the experimental combination arms to warrant a further phase III conclusive trial based on progression free survival (PFS) at 18 months assessed by RECIST by the local investigator. The efficacy will be assessed within each experimental arm while the standard arm will serve as a reference arm to check the reliability of the results.
NCT00126178	Study Title: Clinical Trial Studying a Personalized Cancer Vaccine in Patients With Non-metastatic Kidney Cancer. Brief Summary: This is an international, open label, randomized phase 3 trial in which patients with surgically removable kidney cancer will be randomly selected post-operatively to receive adjuvant treatment with autologous HSPPC-96 or no adjuvant treatment. All patients will undergo complete surgical removal of their tumors.
NCT00513578	Study Title: Vaccine Therapy and GM-CSF in Treating Patients With Low-Risk or Intermediate-Risk Myelodysplastic Syndrome. Brief Summary: RATIONALE: Vaccines made from peptides may help the body build an effective immune response to kill cancer cells. Colony-stimulating factors, such as GM-CSF, increase the number of white blood cells and platelets found in bone marrow or peripheral blood. Giving vaccine therapy together with GM-CSF may kill more cancer cells. PURPOSE: This phase II trial is studying how well giving vaccine therapy together with GM-CSF works in treating patients with low-risk or intermediate-risk myelodysplastic syndrome.
NCT04879888	"Study Title: Personalized Vaccine for Cancer Immunotherapy. Brief Summary: Due to their genetic instability, breast tumors that do not express receptors for Estrogens, Progestagens or amplify the Her2 / neu oncogene \[called triple-negative breast cancer (TNTC)\] and other tumors such as melanoma, non-small cell lung cancer, accumulate numerous mutations that make them highly resistant to different regimens of chemo- or radiotherapy, thereby generating high morbidity and mortality. However, immunology can turn the genetic instability of tumors into the Achilles' tendon. Evidence of this has been revealed in Phase I clinical studies in patients with melanoma and lung cancer in an advanced stage of metastasis treated with Ipilimumab (anti-CTLA4) to decrease immunosuppression, in whom peptides containing mutations presented in Major Complex molecules Histocompatibility of Class I (HCM I) of the tumor itself results in their recognition as ""foreign"" neo-antigens leading to the efficient destruction of the tumor by anti-tumor CD8 + T lymphocytes that are amplified when they are vaccinated with these peptides. For this reason, the identification of non-synonymous mutations of single amino acid and vaccination with 25 amino acid peptides that incorporate these mutations (synthetic vaccines) is emerging today as an alternative for immunotherapy of cancers responsible for high mortality in humans. In an approach that takes 16 weeks, today, it is possible to go from the analysis of the tumor's transcriptome (which allows identifying the universe of tumor mutations) to the patient's vaccination with a personalized vaccine that contains neo-antigens of his tumor. TNBC is the most aggressive breast tumor, representing around 25% of breast cancers in our environment. While generally, at least 30% of women with other types of metastatic breast cancer survive 5 years after diagnosis, most patients diagnosed with metastatic CMTN die within this time. The lack of selective therapies and the poor prognosis of patients with NTMC make their therapeutic management difficult, so the implementation of new therapies for this type of tumor is the main focus of researchers who seek more effective and selective treatments to improve the life expectancy of patients without compromising their quality of life. The genetic instability and high rate of mutations of the TNBC most likely favor the generation of neo-epitopes. Still, due to the immunosuppressive environment of the tumor, it escapes the immunosurveillance of the immune system. Despite the high mortality induced by this tumor, a percentage of patients treated with neoadjuvant chemotherapy with agents such as Doxorubicin and Cyclophosphamide (AC) + Taxanes respond to this chemotherapy regimen. In particular, the anti-tumor effect of AC is attributed to two things: (i) the direct cytotoxic effect on the tumor cell, (ii) the immunostimulation of T lymphocytes promoted by Immunogenic Cell Death (ICM) selectively induced by these drugs. Therefore, in this project, we propose to carry out the first clinical study in Colombia of vaccination of patients with TNBC with synthetic peptides that contain mutations of their own tumor to evaluate the immunogenicity and safety of this type of personalized vaccine as a therapeutic alternative for this tumor. Achieving the specific objectives set out in this project would mean that we have been validated in Colombia the experimental design necessary to identify unique epitopes in tumors and demonstrate the safety and immunogenicity of these vaccines. We consider that having achieved the above; we will have taken an important step towards the implementation in our country of the use of this type of vaccine for immunotherapy not only of TNBC but of other tumors such as glioblastoma, gastric, esophagus, and pancreas, highly fatal due to its high mutation rate."
NCT04147078	Study Title: Personalized DC Vaccine for Postoperative Cancer. Brief Summary: The study is aimed to the test efficacy and safety of neoantigen-primed dendritic cell (DC) cell vaccine therapy for postoperative locally advanced gastric cancer, hepatocellular carcinoma, lung cancer and colorectal cancer, and to explore the biomarkers related to efficacy and adverse event.
NCT01949688	Study Title: Safety and Efficacy Study of Epitope Peptide To Treat HLA-A*24 or A*02-positive Advanced Solid Tumors. Brief Summary: In this study, the investigators examine using a combination of two types of HLA-A\*2402 (or HLA-A\*0201)-restricted epitope peptides, which were derived from VEGF-R1 and VEGF-R2 the safety, immunogenicity, and antitumor effect of vaccine treatment for advanced solid tumor patients who are refractory to standard therapy.
NCT05023928	Study Title: Tumor Antigen-sensitized DC Vaccine as an Adjuvant Therapy for Esophagus Cancer. Brief Summary: The aim of this single center, single arm and prospective study is to explore the safety and efficacy of tumor antigen-sensitized DC vaccine in postoperative adjuvant treatment of esophageal cancer.
NCT03047928	Study Title: Combination Therapy With Nivolumab and PD-L1/IDO Peptide Vaccine to Patients With Metastatic Melanoma. Brief Summary: Combination therapy is becoming more and more general in the treatment of oncological diseases. In this clinical trial combination the standard immunotherapeutic treatment; the programmed death 1 (PD-1) regulatory antibody Nivolumab and a peptide vaccine consisting of programmed death ligand 1 (PD-L1) and Indoleamine 2,3-dioxygenase (IDO) peptides will be tested in patients with metastatic melanoma. Patients will be treated with Nivolumab every second week as long as there is clinical benefit. The PD-L1/IDO peptide vaccine is given from start of Nivolumab and every second week for the first 6 vaccines and thereafter every fourth week up to 1 year.
NCT00090493	Study Title: Study of MAGE-A3 and NY-ESO-1 Immunotherapy in Combo With DTPACE Chemo and Auto Transplantation in Multiple Myeloma. Brief Summary: The hope is that the peptide vaccines will stimulate the immune system to attack and kill the myeloma cells. The purpose is to generate anti-myeloma T-cells which will kill myeloma cells and nothing else.
NCT04836793	Study Title: COVID-19-Study of Immune Responses Following Vaccination Against SARS-CoV-2. Brief Summary: T-cell adaptive immunity is known to be required to sustain a long term immunoglobulin production and a long term memory against several infections. Previous results suggest a lack in the generation of T-cell responses against CoV-N, M and S proteins among cancer patients exposed to SARS-CoV-2 virus highlighting that cancer patients failed to mount a protective T-cell immunity. Given this context, our hypothesis is that COVID-19 vaccine candidates are not immunogenic in some cancer patients. Thus, the monitoring of CD4 and CD8 T-cell responses before and after vaccination might provide information related to the correlation between induction of CD4 T-cells (including helper follicular T-cells) by the vaccine and long-term IgG production (serological index). Additionally, the failure of COVID-19 vaccines in some patients should be monitor carefully in order to provide specific recommendations to avoid COVID-19 infections. The main objective is to assess humoral immune responses following COVID-19 vaccination in a population of cancer patients.
NCT00471471	Study Title: Vaccine Therapy in Treating Patients With Recurrent Stage III or Stage IV Melanoma That Cannot Be Removed by Surgery. Brief Summary: RATIONALE: Vaccines made from peptides may help the body build an effective immune response to kill tumor cells. Giving vaccine therapy together with GM-CSF, CpG 7909, and incomplete Freund's adjuvant may make a stronger immune response and kill more tumor cells. PURPOSE: This clinical trial is studying the side effects and how well vaccine therapy works in treating patients with recurrent stage III or stage IV melanoma that cannot be removed by surgery.
NCT00089193	Study Title: Vaccine Therapy With or Without Sargramostim in Treating Patients With Stage IIB, Stage IIC, Stage III, or Stage IV Melanoma. Brief Summary: RATIONALE: Vaccines may make the body build an immune response to kill tumor cells. Colony-stimulating factors such as sargramostim may increase the number of immune cells found in bone marrow or peripheral blood. Combining vaccine therapy with sargramostim may cause a stronger immune response and kill more tumor cells. PURPOSE: This randomized phase II trial is studying vaccine therapy and sargramostim to see how well they work compared to vaccine therapy alone in treating patients with stage II B, stage IIC, stage III, or stage IV melanoma.
NCT01880411	Study Title: Phase I, Open-Label Study of the Safety, Tolerability, and Immunogenicity PEK Fusion Protein Vaccine. Brief Summary: Phase I, Open-Label Study of the Safety, Tolerability, and Immunogenicity of a Three Dose Regimen of Escalating Doses of PEK Fusion Protein Vaccine in Women with LSIL or HSIL. PEK fusion protein vaccine (PEK + GPI-0100) is safe and well tolerated in patients with low-grade squamous intraepithelial lesions (LSIL) or high grade squamous intraepithelial lesions (HSIL) of the cervix and induces a measurable immune response.
NCT04848493	Study Title: National Project on Vaccines, COVID-19 and Frail Patients. Brief Summary: This is a multicentre observational study with the aim of evaluating the antibody and cellular response after vaccination for SARS-CoV-2 with Pfizer-BioNTech or Moderna vaccines in frail subjects with impaired immuno-competence, due to their underlying diseases or ongoing therapies.
NCT00299728	Study Title: NY-ESO-1 Protein With Montanide and CpG 7909 as Cancer Vaccine in Several Tumors. Brief Summary: This is a Phase I, open-label, randomized study of NY-ESO-l protein with immune adjuvants CpG 7909 and Montanide ISA-51 VG in patients with tumors that often express NY-ESO-1. The vaccinations was to be administered subcutaneously every 3 weeks for 4 doses. Patients with any malignancy that is known to frequently express NY-ESO-1 were eligible, regardless of whether antigen expression in the autologous tumor could be demonstrated or not by either PCR or immunohistochemistry. The primary objective of the study was to define safety. Secondarily, the study was to evaluate whether patients developed a specific immunologic response to the NY-ESO-1 protein. Blood samples were to be obtained at baseline, prior to each vaccination, one week after each vaccination, and at the last study visit for the assessment of NY-ESO-1-specific CD4+ and CD8+ T cells. Cytokine secretion by NY-ESO-1-specific CD8+ and CD4+ T cells, as a measure of T cell activation, was to be determined by FACS analysis. In addition, humoral immunity was to be determined by the presence of NY-ESO-1-specific antibodies which were to be assessed in all patients by ELISA. Disease status was to be assessed at baseline and 2-4 weeks after the fourth vaccination in patients with evaluable (measurable and non-measurable) disease.
NCT02320305	Study Title: MART-1 Antigen With or Without TLR4 Agonist GLA-SE in Treating Patients With Stage II-IV Melanoma That Has Been Removed by Surgery. Brief Summary: This randomized pilot clinical trial studies melanoma antigen recognized by T-cells 1 (MART-1) antigen with or without toll-like receptor 4 (TLR4) agonist glucopyranosyl lipid A-stable oil-in-water emulsion (GLA-SE) in treating patients with stage II-IV melanoma that has been removed by surgery. Vaccines made from MART-1a peptide or antigen may help the body build an effective immune response to kill tumor cells. Giving TLR4 agonist GLA-SE with MART-1 antigen may help increase the immune response to MART-1a antigen.
NCT03617328	Study Title: Vaccination With 6MHP, With or Without Systemic CDX-1127, in Patients With Stage II-IV Melanoma. Brief Summary: This study evaluates whether it is safe to administer a peptide vaccine (6MHP) with adjuvants and the CDX-1127 monoclonal antibody, and whether the adjuvants and the CDX-1127 monoclonal antibody boost immune responses to the vaccine. In this study, the adjuvants are Montanide ISA-51 and polyICLC. The investigators will monitor these effects by performing tests in the laboratory on participants' blood and tissue from a vaccine site.
NCT05898828	Study Title: Phase I/II Evaluation of a Cancer Lysate Vaccine and Montanide(R) ISA-51 VG With Entinostat and Nivolumab as Adjuvant Therapy Following Chemoradiation Therapy With or Without Surgery for Locally Advanced Esophageal Cancer. Brief Summary: This is a Phase I/II study to determine the safety and immune response of the H1299 cell lysate vaccine mixed with Montanide(R) ISA-51 VG adjuvant, to be administered on the study in combination with Entinostat and Nivolumab in eligible participants with locally advanced esophageal cancers (EsC) following either neoadjuvant chemoradiation therapy (nCRT) or nCRT and surgery. Phase I of the protocol aims to determine the safe dose of the H1299 lung cancer cell lysate vaccine mixed with Montanide(R) ISA-51 VG adjuvant when it is administered in combination with Entinostat and Nivolumab. Phase II of the protocol will focus on assessing the level of immune response in participants receiving the study intervention when the H1299 cell lysate vaccine with Montanide(R) ISA-51 VG adjuvant is administered at the dose level determined in Phase I.
NCT01579188	Study Title: Study of the Telomerase Vaccine GV1001 to Treat Patients With Inoperable Stage III Non-small Cell Lung Cancer. Brief Summary: The purpose of this study is to evaluate survival in inoperable stage III Non-small Cell Lung Cancer patients following chemo-radiotherapy followed by GV1001 vaccination plus best supportive care.
NCT05283109	Study Title: ETAPA I: Peptide-based Tumor Associated Antigen Vaccine in GBM. Brief Summary: This is a phase 1b study of P30-linked EphA2, CMV pp65, and survivin vaccination (collectively called the P30-EPS vaccine) in HLA-A\*0201 positive patients with a newly diagnosed, unmethylated, and untreated World Health Organization (WHO) grade IV malignant glioma.
NCT00433745	Study Title: Wilm's Tumor 1 (WT1) Peptide Vaccine for High Risk Hematologic Malignancy. Brief Summary: This study will determine the safety and effectiveness of an experimental vaccine in controlling the abnormal growth of cells in patients with myelodysplastic syndrome (MDS, also known as myelodysplasia), acute myeloid leukemia (AML), acute lymphoblastic leukemia (ALL), and chronic myeloid leukemia (CML). It will test whether the vaccine can increase the number of immune cells responding to the cancer and thereby slow progression of the illness, improve blood counts, reduce the need for transfusions of blood and platelets, or even achieve a disease remission. The vaccine contains part of a protein that is produced in large amounts by cells of patients with these cancers and an added substance called Montanide that helps the immune system respond to the vaccine. Sargramostim, another substances that boosts the immune response, is also given. Patients 18 to 85 years of age with MDS, AML, ALL or CML may be eligible for this study. Candidates are screened with a medical history, physical examination, blood tests, chest x-ray and bone marrow biopsy. Women of childbearing age also have a pregnancy test. Participants undergo the following: * Chemotherapy entering the study. * Leukapheresis to collect large amounts of white blood cells for infusion before vaccine administration. * Participants may need placement of a central line (plastic tube, or catheter) in the upper part of the chest to be used for giving chemotherapy, blood or platelet transfusions, antibiotics and white blood cells, and for collecting blood samples. * Weekly vaccine injections for nine weeks, given in the upper arm, upper leg or abdomen. * Sargramostim injections following each vaccination. * Standard of care treatment for MDS, AML, ALL or CML, which may include blood or platelet transfusions, growth factors, and drugs to control underlying disease and potential side effects of the vaccine. * Weekly safety monitoring, including vital signs check, brief health assessment, blood tests and observation after the vaccination, on the day of each vaccination. * Follow-up evaluations with blood tests and chest x-ray 3 weeks after the last vaccine dose and with blood tests and bone marrow biopsy 7 weeks after the last vaccine dose.
NCT00857545	Study Title: OPT-821 With or Without Vaccine Therapy in Treating Patients With Ovarian Epithelial Cancer, Fallopian Tube Cancer, or Peritoneal Cancer in Second or Third Complete Remission. Brief Summary: This randomized phase II trial studies OPT-821 and vaccine therapy to see how well they work compared with OPT-821 alone in treating patients with ovarian epithelial cancer, fallopian tube cancer, or peritoneal cancer that has decreased or disappeared, but the cancer may still be in the body. Biological therapies, such as OPT-821, may stimulate the immune system in different ways and stop tumor cells from growing. Vaccines may help the body build an effective immune response to kill tumor cells. It is not yet known whether OPT-821 is more effective with or without vaccine therapy in treating patients with ovarian epithelial cancer, fallopian tube cancer, or peritoneal cancer.
NCT03558945	Study Title: Clinical Trial on Personalized Neoantigen Vaccine for Pancreatic Tumor. Brief Summary: This clinical trial is to evaluate the safety and impact on prognosis of personalized neoantigen peptide-based vaccines, which are based on next-generation sequencing and major histocompatibility complex affinity prediction algorithm, in patients with pancreatic ductal adenocarcinoma. The hypothesis of this study is that personalized neoantigen vaccines will be safe and can systemically elicit measurable neoantigen-specific immunologic responses in patients. Participants will receive complete macroscopic resection of primary tumor, standard adjuvant chemotherapy and subsequently personalized neoantigen vaccines.
NCT02576561	Study Title: Safety and Efficacy Study of TVGV-1 Vaccine to Treat HPV Induced Cervical HSIL. Brief Summary: The purpose of this research study is to test the safety and effectiveness of the investigational study vaccine, called TVGV-1. The study will test the vaccine in women with high grade HPV cervical infection.
NCT00019383	Study Title: Vaccine Therapy in Treating Patients With Recurrent or Refractory Metastatic Melanoma. Brief Summary: RATIONALE: Vaccines may make the body build an immune response to kill tumor cells. Giving the vaccine with interleukin-2 or sargramostim may help kill more tumor cells. PURPOSE: Phase II trial to study the effectiveness of peptide vaccine with or without adjuvant interleukin-2 or sargramostim in treating patients who have recurrent or refractory metastatic melanoma.
NCT00357461	Study Title: Ipilimumab With or Without Vaccine Therapy in Treating Patients With Previously Treated Stage IV Melanoma. Brief Summary: RATIONALE: Monoclonal antibodies, such as ipilimumab, can block tumor growth in different ways. Some block the ability of tumor cells to grow and spread. Others find tumor cells and help kill them or carry tumor-killing substances to them. Vaccines made from gp100 peptides may help the body build an effective immune response to kill tumor cells. Giving ipilimumab together with vaccine therapy may be an effective treatment for melanoma. PURPOSE: This randomized phase II trial is studying ipilimumab and vaccine therapy to see how well they work compared to ipilimumab alone in treating patients with previously treated stage IV melanoma.
NCT00499083	Study Title: Paclitaxel, Cyclophosphamide & Doxorubicin, Autologous Dendritic Cells & Surgery in Stage II/III Breast Cancer (Women). Brief Summary: RATIONALE: Drugs used in chemotherapy, such as paclitaxel, cyclophosphamide, and doxorubicin, work in different ways to stop the growth of tumor cells, either by killing the cells or by stopping them from dividing. Injecting the patient's dendritic cells directly into the tumor may stimulate the immune system and stop tumor cells from growing. Radiation therapy uses high-energy x-rays to kill tumor cells. Estrogen can cause the growth of breast cancer cells. Hormone therapy using tamoxifen may fight breast cancer by blocking the use of estrogen by the tumor cells. Giving combination chemotherapy together with autologous dendritic cells before surgery may make the tumor smaller and reduce the amount of normal tissue that needs to be removed. Giving radiation therapy and hormone therapy after surgery may kill any tumor cells that remain after surgery. PURPOSE: This phase II trial is studying the side effects and how well giving paclitaxel together with cyclophosphamide and doxorubicin followed by autologous dendritic cells and surgery with or without radiation therapy and/or hormone therapy works in treating women with stage II or stage III breast cancer.
NCT00084383	Study Title: Vaccine Therapy Combined With Adjuvant Chemoradiotherapy in Treating Patients With Resected Stage I or Stage II Adenocarcinoma (Cancer) of the Pancreas. Brief Summary: RATIONALE: Vaccines made from gene-modified pancreatic cancer cells may make the body build an immune response to kill tumor cells. Drugs used in chemotherapy, such as fluorouracil, work in different ways to stop tumor cells from dividing so they stop growing or die. Radiation therapy uses high-energy x-rays to damage tumor cells. Giving vaccine therapy together with chemotherapy and radiation therapy after surgery may kill any remaining tumor cells. PURPOSE: This phase II trial is studying how well giving vaccine therapy together with adjuvant chemoradiotherapy works in treating patients with resected stage I or stage II adenocarcinoma (cancer) of the pancreas.
NCT04930783	Study Title: NeoVax + CDX-301 and Nivolumab or Pembrolizumab in Melanoma. Brief Summary: This research study is studying the drugs called NeoVax (a new type of personalized neoantigen vaccine) in combination with CDX-301 and Nivolumab or Pembrolizumab as a possible treatment for melanoma. The names of the study drugs involved in this study are: * Personalized Neoantigen peptides (which combined with poly-ICLC make the vaccine NeoVax)\* Poly-ICLC (Hiltonol)\* CDX-301\* Nivolumab (Opdivo)\* Pembrolizumab (Keytruda).
NCT00000105	"Study Title: Vaccination With Tetanus and KLH to Assess Immune Responses. Brief Summary: The purpose of this study is to learn how the immune system works in response to vaccines. We will give the vaccines to subjects who have cancer but have not had treatment, and to patients who have had chemotherapy or stem cell transplant. Some patients will get vaccines while they are on treatments which boost the immune system (like the immune stimulating drug interleukin-2 or IL-2). Although we have safely treated many patients with immune boosting drugs, we do not yet know if they improve the body's immune system to respond better to a vaccine. Some healthy volunteers will also be given the vaccines in order to serve as control subjects to get a good measure of the normal immune response. We will compare the patients and the healthy volunteers to study how their immune systems respond to the vaccines. There are several different types of white cells in the blood. We are interested in immune cells in the blood called T-cells. These T-cells detect foreign substances in the body (like viruses and cancer cells). We are trying to learn more about how the body fights these foreign substances. Our goal is to develop cancer vaccines which would teach T-cells to detect and kill cancer cells better. We know that in healthy people the immune system effectively protects against recurrent virus infection. For example, that is why people only get ""mono"" (mononucleosis) once under normal circumstances. When the body is infected with the ""mono"" virus, the immune system remembers and prevents further infection. We are trying to use the immune system to prevent cancer relapse. To test this, we will give two vaccines which have been used to measure these immune responses. Blood samples will be studied from cancer patients and will be compared to similar samples from normal subjects."
NCT02166905	Study Title: DEC-205/NY-ESO-1 Fusion Protein CDX-1401, Poly ICLC, and IDO1 Inhibitor INCB024360 in Treating Patients With Ovarian, Fallopian Tube, or Primary Peritoneal Cancer in Remission. Brief Summary: This partially randomized phase I/IIb trial studies the side effects and best dose of IDO1 inhibitor INCB024360 in combination with DEC-205/NY-ESO-1 fusion protein CDX-1401 and poly ICLC and to see how well they work in treating patients with ovarian, fallopian tube, or primary peritoneal cancer who no longer have evidence of disease. Antigens (such as cancer/testis antigen \[NY-ESO-1\] protein) are found on many cancer cells. Vaccines made from NY-ESO-1 protein may cause the immune system to produce immune cells and antibodies that may help locate the NY-ESO-1 and/or cancer/testis antigen 2 (LAGE-1) antigens on cancer cells. By finding them, the immune system may then work to control or eliminate the remaining cancer cells. INCB024360 is an inhibitor of an enzyme called indoleamine 2,3 dioxygenase (IDO). This enzyme is produced by tumor cells to disable immune cells, and limit the efficacy of immune attack. Giving DEC-205/NY-ESO-1 fusion protein CDX-1401 with poly ICLC and IDO1 inhibitor INCB024360 may generate stronger and more long lasting anti-cancer immune responses in patients with ovarian, fallopian tube, and primary peritoneal cancer in remission.
NCT01152398	Study Title: A Safety and Immunology Study of a Modified Vaccinia Vaccine for HER-2(+) Breast Cancer After Adjuvant Therapy. Brief Summary: The current trial, BNIT-BR-003, will evaluate the safety and biological activity of a fixed dose of MVA-BN-HER2 following adjuvant chemotherapy in patients with HER-2-positive breast cancer. The intent of vaccination is to induce a combined antibody and T-cell anti-HER-2 immune response, which is intended to target HER-2-expressing tumor cells, and may induce tumor regression or slow progression of disease.
NCT05638698	"Study Title: Tg01 Vaccine / Qs-21 Stimulon With Or Without Balstilimab As Maintenance Therapy Following Adjuvant Chemotherapy In Patients With Resected Pancreatic Cancer. Brief Summary: Researchers want to discover if the new drug ""TG01"" will work with participants' bodies to help their immune system attack any cancer cells that might still be in the blood stream after surgery for pancreatic cancer. The researchers will also investigate whether or not ""TG01"" combined with the other study drug, ""Balstilimab"", will show even greater efficacy. TG01 and Balstilimab are both experimental treatments and are not approved by the US Food and Drug Administration (FDA) as treatment in the United States, or elsewhere, for pancreatic cancer or any other type of cancer. Balstilimab has been studied in other cancers and has shown signs of efficacy. Another drug will be used in this study called ""QS-21"". It is not intended to treat any disease but is used in this study to improve the action of the study drug TG01. QS-21 has been approved by the US Food and Drug Administration (FDA) to be mixed with a vaccine used to prevent shingles. It has not been approved to be mixed with the study drug, TG01. Participants will undergo eligibility screening, weekly visits during treatment when receiving the study drug or study drug combination, two safety follow-up visits, at about 30 and 90 days after the last dose of study treatment, and long term follow up for about 12 months after the last dose of study treatment."
NCT01376505	Study Title: Vaccine Therapy in Treating Patients With Metastatic Solid Tumors. Brief Summary: This phase I trial studies the side effects and best dose of vaccine therapy in treating patients with metastatic solid tumors. Vaccines made from antibodies and peptides combined with tumor cells may help the body build an effective immune response to kill tumor cells.
NCT03282188	Study Title: REO13 Melanoma With of Without GM-CSF. Brief Summary: Open-label, non-randomised, single centre study which will assess the presence of reovirus (Reolysin), following intravenous administration with or without Granulocyte-macrophage colony-stimulating factor (GM-CSF) given to patients prior to surgery for metastatic melanoma. All patients will receive an initial low 'immunisation' dose of intravenous reovirus. Patients will be enrolled sequentially in to each of the two cohorts receiving either reovirus alone, or reovirus plus GM-CSF. For this study we anticipate 8-16 evaluable patients, up to 8 for each group. The endpoints of this study will compare the 2 treatment groups for reovirus tumour infiltration and replication. Compare the neutralising antibody development and cell-mediated immune response and identify any adverse events and laboratory toxicities.
NCT02204098	Study Title: Safety and Immune Response to a Mammaglobin-A DNA Vaccine In Breast Cancer Patients Undergoing Neoadjuvant Endocrine Therapy. Brief Summary: The purpose of this research study is to find out about the safety of injecting the gene (DNA) for mammaglobin-A into people with breast cancer. The DNA used in this study was purified from bacteria and contains the gene for mammaglobin-A. Mammaglobin-A is a protein that is highly expressed by breast cancer cells. Injection of mammaglobin-A DNA may be a way to generate an immune response to breast cancer cells. There is evidence that an immune response may be a way to fight cancer. In addition to evaluating the safety of the mammaglobin-A injection, this study is also looking at the immune response that the participant's body has after each injection.
NCT01082198	Study Title: Melanoma Vaccine in Treating Patients With Stage III Melanoma After Surgery to Remove Lymph Nodes. Brief Summary: RATIONALE: Vaccines made from dendritic cells and tumor antigen peptides or a person's tumor cells may help the body build an effective immune response to kill tumor cells. PURPOSE: This phase I/II trial is studying the side effects and best way to give melanoma vaccine in treating patients with stage III melanoma after surgery to remove the lymph nodes.
NCT01143545	Study Title: Pilot Study of Allogeneic Tumor Cell Vaccine With Metronomic Oral Cyclophosphamide and Celecoxib in Patients Undergoing Resection of Lung and Esophageal Cancers, Thymic Neoplasms, and Malignant Pleural Mesotheliomas. Brief Summary: Background: - Certain types of lung, esophageal, or thymic cancers and mesotheliomas have specific antigens (protein molecules) on their surfaces. Research studies have shown that giving a vaccine that contains antigens similar to these may cause an immune response, which may keep tumors from growing. Researchers are also interested in determining whether the chemotherapy drug cyclophosphamide and the anti-inflammatory drug celecoxib may help the vaccine work better, particularly in patients with lung cancer. Objectives: - To evaluate the safety and effectiveness of tumor cell vaccines in combination with cyclophosphamide and celecoxib in patients with cancers involving the chest. Eligibility: - Individuals at least 18 years of age who have had surgery for small cell or non-small cell lung cancer, esophageal cancer, thymoma or thymic carcinoma, and malignant pleural mesothelioma. Design: * Following recovery from surgery, chemotherapy, or radiation, participants will have leukapheresis to collect lymphocytes (white blood cells) for testing. * Participants will receive celecoxib and cyclophosphamide to take twice a day at home, 7 days before the vaccine. * Participants will have the vaccine in the clinical center (one or two shots per month for 6 months), and will stay in the clinic for about 4 hours after the vaccine. Participants will keep a diary at home of any side effects from the vaccine, and will continue to take cyclophosphamide and celecoxib. * One month after the sixth vaccine, participants will provide another blood sample for testing, and if the tests are satisfactory will return to the clinic every 3 months for 2 additional vaccines. * Participants will return to clinic for follow-up physical examinations, lab tests, and scans every 3 months for 2 years and then every 6 months for up to 3 years.
NCT00145145	Study Title: Immunization With the MAGE-3.A1 Peptide Mixed With the Adjuvant CpG 7909 in Patients With Metastatic Melanoma. Brief Summary: The purposes of this study are to determine whether immunization with the MAGE-3.A1 peptide mixed with CpG 7909 results in a detectable immune response; to determine the safety of this vaccine and to document the tumor response to the vaccine.
NCT03380871	Study Title: A Personal Cancer Vaccine (NEO-PV-01) With Pembrolizumab and Chemotherapy for Patients With Lung Cancer. Brief Summary: The purpose of this study is to find out if treatment with NEO-PV-01 in combination with pembrolizumab and chemotherapy (pembrolizumab/chemotherapy) is safe and useful for patients with lung cancer. The study also will assess if the NEO-PV-01 vaccine, when given together with pembrolizumab and chemotherapy, can improve your response compared with pembrolizumab and chemotherapy treatment alone. All eligible patients will receive NEO-PV-01 + Adjuvant, pembrolizumab and chemotherapy while on this trial.
NCT02992977	Study Title: Safety and Tolerability Study of AutoSynVax Vaccine in Subjects With Advanced Cancer. Brief Summary: Open-label Phase 1 study of AutoSynVax vaccine with QS-21 Stimulon adjuvant in subjects with advanced cancer.
NCT03382977	Study Title: Study to Evaluate Safety, Tolerability, and Optimal Dose of Candidate GBM Vaccine VBI-1901 in Recurrent GBM Subjects. Brief Summary: The purpose of this study is to assess the safety and tolerability of VBI-1901 in subjects with recurrent malignant gliomas (glioblastoma, or GBM).
NCT00499577	Study Title: Stem Cell Transplant, Chemotherapy, and Biological Therapy in Treating Patients With High-Risk or Refractory Multiple Myeloma. Brief Summary: RATIONALE: Vaccines made from peptides may help the body build an effective immune response to kill tumor cells. Drugs used in chemotherapy use different ways to stop cancer cells from dividing so they stop growing or die. Thalidomide may stop the growth of cancer cells by stopping blood flow to the cancer. A stem cell transplant using stem cells from the patient may be able to replace immune cells that were destroyed by chemotherapy used to kill cancer cells. Giving an infusion of the donor's T cells after the transplant may help destroy any remaining cancer cells. PURPOSE: This phase I/II trial is studying the side effects of stem cell transplant given together with chemotherapy and biological therapy and to see how well it works in treating patients with high-risk or refractory multiple myeloma.
NCT03166254	Study Title: Personalized Therapeutic Anti-tumor Vaccine With Pembrolizumab and Standard of Care Chemotherapy in Squamous Non-Small Cell Lung Cancer and Extensive Stage Small Cell Lung Cancer. Brief Summary: Both metastatic squamous non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) and extensive stage small cell lung cancer (SCLC) are incurable with current therapies, but due to mutations induced by cigarette smoke, typically express a large number of altered proteins that can be recognized as foreign by the immune system. This antigenicity is thought to explain the efficacy of pembrolizumab as either a first or second line treatment in this disease. For patients who receive chemotherapy plus immunotherapy as a first line therapy, there is sound rationale for combination treatment with immunotherapy and a therapeutic antitumor vaccine as a maintenance strategy. Regardless of PD-L1 expression in the tumor, monoclonal antibodies that block PD-1/PD-L1 interactions are effective second line therapies after chemotherapy in both NSCLC and SCLC. In addition, by targeting the immune system against tumor specific antigens using a peptide vaccine, the efficacy of pembrolizumab alone is expected to be enhanced, with an improved response rate and prolonged overall survival with no additional toxicity. This pilot study will provide a preliminary test of the feasibility of generating a personalized, tumor neoantigen-specific therapeutic vaccine and the safety of combining it with checkpoint blockade immunotherapy.
NCT03395587	Study Title: Efficiency of Vaccination With Lysate-loaded Dendritic Cells in Patients With Newly Diagnosed Glioblastoma. Brief Summary: The primary objective of the study is to determine whether overall survival of newly diagnosed glioblastoma patients treated with lysate-loaded, mature dendritic cell vaccines as add-on to the standard of care consisting of resection, radiotherapy with concomitant temozolomide chemotherapy and subsequent adjuvant temozolomide chemotherapy is superior to the treatment with the standard of care alone.
NCT02947854	Study Title: Study to Assess Safety, Tolerability and Immune Response of Fimaporfin-induced Photochemical Internalisation of Antigen/Adjuvant. Brief Summary: Fimaporfin (TPCS2a) is a photosensitiser drug being developed by PCI Biotech AS for use in novel Photochemical Internalisation (PCI) technology. PCI technology is designed to enhance the effects of other drugs in a site-specific, light-directed manner and is used to re-localise endocytosed molecules from endosomes to cytosol. This research study is evaluating the use of the PCI Technology in combination with adjuvant and vaccine antigens for safety and induction of immune responses.
NCT06414733	Study Title: Vaccine Therapy in Treating Patients With Metastatic Solid Tumors. Brief Summary: This phase I trial studies the side effects and best dose of vaccine therapy in treating patients with metastatic solid tumors. Vaccines made from antibodies and peptides combined with tumor cells may help the body build an effective immune response to kill tumor cells.
