NCT Number	Study Title	Brief Summary	Interventions
NCT00004156	Vaccine Therapy in Treating Patients With Breast Cancer	RATIONALE: Vaccines may make the body build an immune response to kill tumor cells.	BIOLOGICAL: MUC1-KLH vaccine/QS21
NCT03391232	PolyPEPI1018 Vaccine and CDx for the Treatment of Metastatic Colorectal Cancer (OBERTO)	Phase I/II clinical trial investigates the safety, tolerability, immunogenicity and preliminary efficacy of multiple doses of PolyPEPI1018 CRC vaccine as an add-on treatment to the standard-of-care maintenance therapy in patients with metastatic colorectal cancer. Clinical responses will be evaluated by indiction of T cell responses, T lymphocyte infiltration in accessible biopsy sites, and by objective tumor responses. This study will also explore the accuracy of the predicted T cell responses in each patient using the candidate companion diagnostic test and the correlations between clinical responses and predicted T cell responses.	BIOLOGICAL: PolyPEPI1018 CRC Vaccine
NCT00028431	Novel Adjuvants for Peptide-Based Melanoma Vaccines	This is a study to determine the efficacy of a melanoma vaccine chemotherapy cocktail composed of CTLA-4 antibody; tyrosinase, gp100, and MART-1 peptides; and incomplete Freund's adjuvant (IFA) with or without interleukin-12 in patients with resected stage III or IV melanoma.	BIOLOGICAL: MDX-CTLA4 Antibody; Tyrosinase/gp100/MART-1 Peptides Melanoma Vaccine
NCT00773097	Study of the MUC1 Peptide-Poly-ICLC Adjuvant Vaccine in Individuals With Advanced Colorectal Adenoma	The purpose of this study is to evaluate the immune response to MUC1 - poly-ICLC vaccine, an investigational or study vaccine. The MUC1 - poly-ICLC vaccine is being tested in persons with a history of advanced adenomatous polyps, the precursor to colorectal cancer. The MUC1 - poly-ICLC vaccine is being developed to prevent polyps from advancing into colon cancer and to prevent polyps from recurring. MUC1 is mucus that is normally present on the lining of the human colon. However, MUC1 is expressed in a larger amount and in a modified form on adenomatous polyps and colorectal cancer. These changes in MUC1 are thought to be part of the process of progression from adenomas toward cancer. The goal of a vaccine is to help the immune system in the body identify the changes in MUC1 that accompany the progression to cancer and eliminate the abnormal cells that make abnormal MUC1.	BIOLOGICAL: MUC1 - Poly ICLC
NCT02129075	A Vaccine (CDX-1401) With or Without a Biologic Drug (CDX-301) for the Treatment of Patients With Stage IIB-IV Melanoma	This phase II trial studies the effect of a vaccine called CDX-1401 given with or without a biologic drug called CDX-301 in treating patients with stage IIB-IV melanoma. The cancer vaccine CDX-1401 attaches to a protein that is made in tumor cells. The vaccine helps the body recognize the tumor to fight the cancer. The biologic drug CDX-301 may help the body make more of the tumor fighting cells, known as dendritic cells. Another biologic drug, poly-ICLC, may stimulate the immune system and help these dendritic cells mature so that they can recognize the tumor. Giving CDX-301 may make the immune response to a combination of CDX-1401 and poly-ICLC better.	BIOLOGICAL: DEC-205/NY-ESO-1 Fusion Protein CDX-1401|DRUG: Poly ICLC|BIOLOGICAL: Recombinant Flt3 Ligand
NCT00005632	Vaccine Therapy Plus QS21 in Treating Patients With Prostate Cancer	RATIONALE: Vaccines may make the body build an immune response to kill tumor cells. Combining a vaccine with QS21 may kill more tumor cells. PURPOSE: Phase I trial to study the effectiveness of vaccine therapy plus immune adjuvant QS21 in treating patients who have prostate cancer.	BIOLOGICAL: MUC1-KLH vaccine/QS21
NCT00300950	Safety and Efficacy of the Therapeutic Vaccine GI-4000 in Combination With Gemcitabine Versus Placebo for the Treatment of Non-metastatic, Post-resection Pancreas Cancer	The GI-4000 therapeutic vaccine or placebo will be injected under the skin of post-resection, non-metastatic pancreas cancer patients. Patients will be monitored for recurrence as well as safety, and immune responses related to the injections.	BIOLOGICAL: GI-4000|DRUG: Gemcitabine
NCT01846143	Evaluation of a Multi-phosphopeptide Vaccine Plus PolyICLC in Participants With High Risk and Advanced Malignancies	The purpose of this study is to learn what effects (good and bad) experimental phosphopeptide vaccines plus a tetanus peptide and other substances called polyICLC and Montanide ISA-51 have on people with melanoma. The investigators will also look at whether the experimental reagents cause any changes in the immune system.	BIOLOGICAL: pBCAR3-phosphopeptide|BIOLOGICAL: pIRS2-phosphopeptide|BIOLOGICAL: 2-MpP (pBCAR3-phosphopeptide + pIRS2-phosphopeptide)
NCT00003002	HER-2/Neu Vaccine Plus GM-CSF in Treating Patients With Stage III or Stage IV Breast, Ovarian, or Non-small Cell Lung Cancer	RATIONALE: Vaccines made from the HER2/neu antigen may make the body build an immune response and kill tumor cells. Colony-stimulating factors such as GM-CSF increase the number of immune cells found in bone marrow or peripheral blood. PURPOSE: Phase I trial to study the effectiveness of HER-2/neu vaccine plus GM-CSF in treating patients who have stage III or stage IV breast cancer, stage III or stage IV ovarian cancer, or stage III or stage IV non-small cell lung cancer.	BIOLOGICAL: HER-2/neu peptide vaccine|BIOLOGICAL: sargramostim
