NCT Number	Study Title	Brief Summary
NCT00299728	NY-ESO-1 Protein With Montanide and CpG 7909 as Cancer Vaccine in Several Tumors	This is a Phase I, open-label, randomized study of NY-ESO-l protein with immune adjuvants CpG 7909 and Montanide ISA-51 VG in patients with tumors that often express NY-ESO-1. The vaccinations was to be administered subcutaneously every 3 weeks for 4 doses. Patients with any malignancy that is known to frequently express NY-ESO-1 were eligible, regardless of whether antigen expression in the autologous tumor could be demonstrated or not by either PCR or immunohistochemistry. The primary objective of the study was to define safety. Secondarily, the study was to evaluate whether patients developed a specific immunologic response to the NY-ESO-1 protein. Blood samples were to be obtained at baseline, prior to each vaccination, one week after each vaccination, and at the last study visit for the assessment of NY-ESO-1-specific CD4+ and CD8+ T cells. Cytokine secretion by NY-ESO-1-specific CD8+ and CD4+ T cells, as a measure of T cell activation, was to be determined by FACS analysis. In addition, humoral immunity was to be determined by the presence of NY-ESO-1-specific antibodies which were to be assessed in all patients by ELISA. Disease status was to be assessed at baseline and 2-4 weeks after the fourth vaccination in patients with evaluable (measurable and non-measurable) disease.
NCT00304096	Vaccine Therapy in Treating Patients With Stage III or Stage IV Breast Cancer	RATIONALE: Vaccines made from peptides may help the body build an effective immune response to kill tumor cells. Giving booster vaccinations may make a stronger immune response and kill more tumor cells. PURPOSE: This phase I trial is studying the side effects of vaccine therapy in treating patients with stage III or stage IV breast cancer.
NCT03412786	Bcl-XL_42-CAF09b Vaccination for Patients With Prostate Cancer With Lymph Node Metastases	In this Phase I study, patients with hormone-sensitive Prostate Cancer (PC) and lymph node metastases are treated with the cancer vaccine Bcl-xl_42-CAF09b. The aim of the study is to clarify the safety and toxicity of the vaccine and also the immunological effect. The vaccine Bcl-xl_42-CAF09b is composed of the peptide Bcl-xl_42 and the adjuvant CAF09b. The B-cell lymphoma extra large protein (Bcl-xl) protein plays a vital role in the cancer cell's ability to avoid programmed cell death (apoptosis) and is upregulated in a variety of cancerous diseases. Bcl-xl_42 is a peptide fragment of the full protein and preclinical studies have shown that vaccination with this peptide (Bcl-xl) can activate the immune system and thereby lead to the death of cancer cells. In order to improve the activation of the immune system, adjuvant CAF09b is added; Preclinical studies have shown that special intraperitoneal (IP) injections of CAF09b improve the activation of the immune system.
NCT01265901	IMA901 in Patients Receiving Sunitinib for Advanced/Metastatic Renal Cell Carcinoma	The primary objective of the phase III study is to investigate whether IMA901 can prolong overall survival in patients with metastatic and/or locally advanced renal cell carcinoma (RCC) when added to standard first-line therapy with sunitinib. Secondary objectives include a subgroup analysis of overall survival in patients defined by a certain biomarker signature, the investigation of progression-free survival, best tumor response, safety, and immunological parameters.
NCT00003819	Vaccine Therapy Plus QS21 in Treating Patients With Progressive Prostate Cancer	RATIONALE: Vaccines may make the body build an immune response to kill tumor cells. PURPOSE: Phase I trial to study the effectiveness of vaccine therapy given with QS21 in treating patients who have progressive prostate cancer.
NCT01064375	Safety Study of DNA Vaccine Delivered by Intradermal Electroporation to Treat Colorectal Cancer	The purpose of this study is to evaluate the safety and immunogenicity of a CEA DNA immunisation approach in patients with colorectal cancer. The DNA plasmid, tetwtCEA, encodes wild type human CEA fused to a tetanus toxoid T helper epitope. The vaccine will be delivered using an intradermal electroporation device, Derma Vax (Cyto Pulse Sciences). The following will be assessed: * The efficiency of priming immunological responses to CEA by intradermal administration of CEA DNA in combination with electroporation. * The efficiency of boosting immunological responses to CEA by intradermal administration of CEA DNA in combination with electroporation in subjects already vaccinated with CEA DNA. * GM-CSF will be administered to half of the subjects primed with CEA DNA in combination with electroporation and any possible adjuvant effects of GM-CSF will be evaluated.
NCT00015977	Vaccine Therapy Plus Interleukin-12 in Treating Patients With Metastatic Prostate Cancer That Has Not Responded to Hormone Therapy	RATIONALE: Vaccines made from a patient's white blood cells may make the body build an immune response to kill cancer cells. Interleukin-12 may kill cancer cells by stopping blood flow to the tumor and by stimulating a person's white blood cells to kill cancer cells. Combining vaccine therapy with interleukin-12 may kill more tumor cells. PURPOSE: Phase II trial to study the effectiveness of vaccine therapy combined with interleukin-12 in treating patients who have metastatic prostate cancer that has not responded to hormone therapy.
NCT00030602	Vaccine Therapy in Treating Patients With Recurrent Prostate Cancer	RATIONALE: Vaccines may make the body build an immune response to kill tumor cells. PURPOSE: Phase II trial to study the effectiveness of vaccine therapy in treating patients who have recurrent prostate cancer.
NCT01909752	Combination Vaccine Immunotherapy (DRibbles) for Patients With Definitively-Treated Stage III Non-small Cell Lung Cancer	This study will test an investigational vaccine, called DRibbles, for the treatment of non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC). We hypothesize that vaccination with the DRibble vaccine will cause an immune responses against proteins contained in the DRibble vaccine and the protein antigens targeted by this strong immune response will include common antigens shared by both the vaccine and the patient's tumor.
NCT01678352	Imiquimod and Tumor Lysate Vaccine Immunotherapy in Adults With High Risk or Recurrent Grade II Gliomas	This is a pilot study of a vaccination regime that is designed to efficiently induce anti-tumor T-cell responses in patients with WHO grade II glioma. The proposed regime with BTIC Lysate in combination with imiquimod, an FDA-approved immune response modifier will induce potent anti-glioma immune response with minimal or no toxicity.
