NCT Number	Study Title	Brief Summary
NCT00004929	Vaccine Therapy Plus QS21 in Treating Patients With Progressive Prostate Cancer	RATIONALE: Vaccines may make the body build an immune response to kill tumor cells. PURPOSE: Phase II trial to study the effectiveness of vaccine therapy given with QS21 in treating patients who have progressive prostate cancer.
NCT01673217	Decitabine, Vaccine Therapy, and Pegylated Liposomal Doxorubicin Hydrochloride in Treating Patients With Recurrent Ovarian Epithelial Cancer, Fallopian Tube Cancer, or Peritoneal Cancer	This phase I trial is studying the side effects and best dose of decitabine when given together with pegylated liposomal doxorubicin hydrochloride and vaccine therapy in treating patients with recurrent ovarian epithelial cancer, fallopian tube cancer, or peritoneal cancer. Drugs used in chemotherapy, such as decitabine and pegylated liposomal doxorubicin hydrochloride, work in different ways to stop the growth of tumor cells, either by killing the cells or by stopping them from dividing. Vaccines made from a peptide or antigen may help the body build an effective immune response to kill tumor cells. Giving combination chemotherapy together with vaccine therapy may kill more tumor cells
NCT00986609	MUC1 Vaccine for Triple-negative Breast Cancer	RATIONALE: Vaccines made from peptides may help the body build an effective immune response to kill tumor cells. Giving booster vaccinations may make a stronger immune response and prevent or delay the recurrence of cancer. PURPOSE: To evaluate the efficacy of poly-ICLC + MUCI peptide vaccine in boosting the immunologic response to MUCI in patients with triple-negative BC
NCT00021164	Vaccine Therapy in Treating Patients With Metastatic Cancer	RATIONALE: Vaccines made from a peptide may make the body build an immune response and kill tumor cells. PURPOSE: Randomized phase II trial to study the effectiveness of vaccine therapy in treating patients who have metastatic cancer.
NCT00849121	Two-Arm Study of a DNA Vaccine Encoding Prostatic Acid Phosphatase (PAP) in Patients With Non-Metastatic Castrate-Resistant Prostate Cancer	The investigators are trying to find new methods to treat prostate cancer. The approach is to try to enhance patients' own immune response against the cancer. In this study, the investigators will be testing the safety of a vaccine that may be able to help the body fight prostate cancer. The vaccine, called pTVG-HP, is a piece of DNA genetic material that contains genetic code for a protein that is made by the prostate gland, called prostatic acid phosphatase (PAP). The vaccine will be given together with a substance called an adjuvant. Adjuvants are typically given with vaccines and can improve the effect of the vaccine. The adjuvant that will be used in this study is called granulocyte-macrophage colony-stimulating factor (GM-CSF). The main purpose of this study is to find out whether the vaccine generates long-lived immune responses, and whether a better schedule of vaccination can be found by doing frequent laboratory testing for immune responses. The investigators also want to see if the vaccine stimulates any immune reaction against cancer cells.
NCT00109811	Vaccine Therapy in Treating Patients With Recurrent Prostate Cancer	This phase II trial is studying how well vaccine therapy works in treating patients with recurrent prostate cancer. Vaccines made from peptides may help the body build an effective immune response to kill tumor cells
NCT02234921	Pilot Study of DRibble Vaccine for Prostate Cancer Patients	This is a pilot study of the DRibble vaccine in patients with advanced prostate cancer.
NCT00016146	Vaccine Therapy Plus Biological Therapy in Treating Patients With Prostate Cancer	RATIONALE: Vaccines may make the body build an immune response to kill tumor cells. Biological therapies use different ways to stimulate the immune system and stop cancer cells from growing. Combining vaccine therapy with biological therapy may kill more tumor cells. PURPOSE: Phase I trial to study the effectiveness in combining vaccine therapy and biological therapy in treating patients who have relapsed prostate cancer.
NCT00923910	Wilm's Tumor 1 Protein Vaccine to Treat Cancers of the Blood	Background: * Most patients with acute lymphoblastic leukemia (ALL) and many patients with acute myelogenous leukemia (AML), chronic myelogenous leukemia (CML) and non-Hodgkin's lymphoma (NHL) have a protein called Wilm's Tumor 1 (WT1) in their cancer cells. This protein is thought to be able to influence the growth of these cancers. * A vaccine made with the WT1 protein may boost the immune system to help fight these cancers in patients whose cancer cells contain the protein. Objectives: * To determine the safety, effectiveness and side effects of giving the WT1 vaccine and donor white blood cells to patients with AML, ALL, CML or NHL who have previously received standard treatment and undergone stem cell transplantation. * To determine the immune response to the WT1 vaccine and donor white blood cells in these patients and to determine if the response is related to the amount of WT1 protein in the patient's cancer cells. Eligibility: * Patients between 1 and 75 years of age with the blood antigen human leukocyte antigen (HLA-A2) and the WT1 cancer protein who have persistent or recurrent blood cancers after stem cell transplantation. * The prior stem cell transplant donor must be willing to provide additional cells, which will be used to prepare the cellular vaccines and for donor lymphocyte (white blood cell) infusions. Design: * Patients are given the WT1 vaccine every 2 weeks for 6 weeks (weeks 0, 2, 4, 6, 8, 10). Each vaccination consists of two injections in the upper arm or thigh. * On weeks 0, 4 and 8, patients also receive white blood cells from a donor to enhance the immune response. The cells are also given as a 15- to 30-minute infusion through a vein about 1 hour after the vaccine injection. Donor infusions are given only to patients with mild or no graft-vs-host disease resulting from their prior stem cell transplantation. * Periodic physical examinations, blood and urine tests, scans to evaluate disease and other tests as needed are done for 12 months after enrollment in the study.
NCT00003357	Vaccine Therapy Plus QS21 in Treating Women With Breast Cancer Who Have No Evidence of Disease	RATIONALE: Vaccines made from GM2-KLH and given with QS21 may make the body build an immune response to and kill tumor cells. PURPOSE: Phase I trial to study the effectiveness of GM2-KLH vaccine plus QS21 in treating patients with breast cancer who have no evidence of disease.
