NCT Number	Study Title	Brief Summary
NCT02364492	A Phase I Study of a Therapeutic Vaccine Candidate in Patients With Localized Breast Cancer at High-Risk of Relapse	The purpose of this study is to evaluate if a maximum tolerated dose (MTD) can be obtained following 2 administrations of the MAG-Tn3 + AS15 cancer vaccine when administered at doses of 30 µg, 100 µg or 300 µg IM every three weeks.
NCT00470574	Vaccine Therapy and QS21 in Treating Patients With Metastatic Breast Cancer	RATIONALE: Vaccines may help the body build an effective immune response to kill tumor cells. Giving vaccine therapy together with QS21 may cause a stronger immune response and kill more tumor cells. PURPOSE: This clinical trial is studying the side effects and how well giving vaccine therapy together with QS21 works in treating patients with metastatic breast cancer.
NCT01095848	A Phase I Safety Study of a Cancer Vaccine to Treat HLA-A2 Positive Advanced Stage Ovarian, Breast and Prostate Cancer	To determine the safety and immunogenicity profile of two (2) different doses of the vaccine DPX-0907 to treat breast, ovarian and prostate cancer.
NCT00640861	Vaccine Therapy in Treating Patients With Previously Treated Stage II or Stage III Breast Cancer	RATIONALE: Vaccines made from peptides may help the body build an effective immune response to kill tumor cells. It is not yet known which vaccine is most effective in treating breast cancer. PURPOSE: This randomized clinical trial is studying the side effects of three different vaccine therapies and comparing the vaccines to see how well they work in treating patients with previously treated stage II or stage III breast cancer.
NCT00020267	Vaccine Therapy in Treating Patients With Metastatic Cancer	RATIONALE: Vaccines made from a peptide may make the body build an immune response and kill tumor cells. PURPOSE: Randomized phase I trial to study the effectiveness of vaccine therapy in treating patients who have metastatic cancer that has not responded to previous therapy.
NCT00199901	Study of NY-ESO-1 ISCOMATRIX in Patients With High-risk, Resected Melanoma	The purpose of this trial is to assess whether treatment with NY-ESO-1 ISCOMATRIX vaccine improves outcomes for people with Malignant Melanoma which has been removed, but is at high risk of relapse.
NCT01920191	Phase I/II Trial of IMA950 Multi-peptide Vaccine Plus Poly-ICLC in Glioblastoma	RATIONALE : IMA 950 is multi tumour-associated peptides (TUMAPs) vaccine, these peptides have been identified on primary glioblastoma multiforme (GBM) cells. Poly-ICLC is a potent vaccine adjuvant with broad innate and adaptive immune enhancing effects. IMA 950 and Poly-ICLC will be administered to patients alongside standard primary therapy for glioblastoma. This includes the alkylating drug temozolomide (TMZ). Effective vaccine-induced immune responses associated with prolonged survival have been observed in glioblastoma patients during TMZ adjuvant therapy, suggesting a possible synergistic effect. A second component of glioblastoma standard treatment is external beam irradiation of the tumor site post-surgery. As a side effect, potentially beneficial tumor-infiltrating immune cells may also be killed by radiation. However, the combination of radiation with immunotherapy has been suggested to be favorable both in pre-clinical models.
NCT03689192	Arginase-1 Peptide Vaccine in Patients With Metastatic Solid Tumors	In this phase I first-in-humans-study a vaccine consisting of arginase-1 (ARG1) peptides and the adjuvant Montanide ISA-51 will be tested in ten patients with metastatic solid tumors. Patients will be treated with an ARG1 vaccine every third week for 45 weeks.
NCT00923195	Radiation, Chemotherapy, Vaccine and Anti-MART-1 and Anti-gp100 Cells for Patients With Metastatic Melanoma	Background: * Melanoma antigen recognized by T-cells (MART-1) and gp100 are two genes found in melanoma cells. An experimental procedure developed for treating patients with advanced melanoma uses these genes and a type of virus to make special cells called anti-MART-1 and anti-gp100 cells, which are designed to destroy the patient's tumor. The cells are created in the laboratory using the patient's own tumor cells or blood cells. * The procedure also uses one of two vaccines-the anti-MART-1 peptide or the anti-gp100 peptide-to stimulate cells in the immune system that may increase the effectiveness of the anti-MART-1 and anti-gp100 cells. Both vaccines are made from a virus that is modified to carry a copy of the MART-1 gene or gp100 gene. The virus cannot cause disease in humans. Objectives: - To evaluate the safety and effectiveness of anti-MART-1 and anti-gp100 cells and peptide vaccines for treating patients with advanced melanoma. Eligibility: - Patients 18 years of age with metastatic melanoma for whom standard treatments, including aldesleukin (IL-2) therapy to boost immune response, have not been effective. Design: * Participants have an initial evaluation with complete medical history, as well as scans, x-rays, and other tests as directed by researchers. Most of the treatments for this study will be given on an inpatient basis. * Before the treatment begins, participants will undergo leukapheresis (removal of selected blood cells) to obtain cells for preparing the anti-MART-1 and anti-gp100 cells, and for later stem cell transplantation. * Preinfusion treatment: 5 days of chemotherapy and 2 days of total-body irradiation to prepare the immune system for receiving the anti-MART-1 and anti-gp100 cells. * Infusion of cells, followed by IL-2 treatment to improve immune response. IL-2 is given as a 15-minute infusion through a vein every 8 hours for a maximum of 15 doses (over 5 days). * After the cell infusion, participants will be divided into two groups and will receive either the gp100 peptide or MART-1 vaccine, given once a week for 3 weeks. Participants will also have stem cell transplantation (from previously collected stem cells) to promote cell survival. * Periodic follow-up clinic visits after hospital discharge for physical examination, review of treatment side effects, laboratory tests and scans every 1 to 6 months.
NCT00694551	PSMA and TARP Peptide Vaccine With Poly IC-LC Adjuvant in HLA-A2 (+) Patients With Elevated PSA After Initial Definitive Treatment	Pilot Immunotherapy Study of Combination Prostate Specific Membrane Antigen (PSMA) and T-cell receptor γ alternate reading frame protein (TARP) Peptide With Poly IC-LC Adjuvant in Human Leukocyte Antigens (HLA)-A2 (+) Patients With Elevated prostatic specific antigen (PSA) After Initial Definitive Treatment. The purpose of the study is to see if the PSMA/TARP proteins in the vaccine, along with the Hiltonol, can arouse and train the immune system to kill the prostate cancer cells. Prostate cancer is the most common cancer and is the second leading cause of cancer deaths in U.S. males. It is curable when it is confined to the prostate (kept from spreading) using surgery or radiation treatments. In some patients the cancer can come back after these treatments. Treatment options for prostate cancer that comes back include procedures or medications which may have significant risks and side effects. Another plan is being looked at that uses the body's immune system to attack prostate cancer cells. A vaccine has been developed that has proteins found in prostate cancer cells. One of the proteins is called PSMA and the other is called TARP. In addition to these proteins, another substance called Poly IC-LC (Hiltonol) will be added to the vaccine to boost its ability to start the immune system.
