NCT Number	Study Summary
NCT00003184	Study Title: Vaccine Therapy in Treating Women With Metastatic Breast Cancer. Brief Summary: RATIONALE: Vaccines made from breast cancer cells may make the body build an immune response to kill tumor cells. PURPOSE: Phase I trial to study the effectiveness of vaccines made from breast cancer cells in treating women with metastatic breast cancer.
NCT00030823	Study Title: Vaccine Therapy in Treating Patients at High Risk for Breast Cancer Recurrence. Brief Summary: RATIONALE: Vaccines may make the body build an immune response and decrease the recurrence of breast cancer. PURPOSE: Pilot trial to study the effectiveness of vaccine therapy in treating patients who are at high risk for breast cancer recurrence.
NCT00004249	Study Title: Vaccine Therapy Plus QS21 in Treating Patients With Small Cell Lung Cancer That Has Responded to Initial Therapy. Brief Summary: RATIONALE: Vaccines may make the body build an immune response to kill tumor cells. Biological therapies, such as QS21, use different ways to stimulate the immune system and stop cancer cells from growing. PURPOSE: Phase II trial to study the effectiveness of vaccine therapy plus QS21 in treating patients who have small cell lung cancer that has responded to initial therapy.
NCT00518206	Study Title: Study of NY-ESO-1 ISCOMATRIX in Patients With Measurable Stage III or IV Melanoma. Brief Summary: This was a Phase 2, open-label study of the NY-ESO-1 ISCOMATRIX (ISCOM) vaccine administered as an intramuscular injection given every 4 weeks to subjects with measurable advanced malignant melanoma. Study objectives included determination of the anticancer activity, cellular and humoral immunogenicity, and safety and tolerability of the NY-ESO-1 ISCOM vaccine administered alone or preceded by a single administration of low-dose cyclophosphamide.
NCT00705835	Study Title: Vaccine Therapy of Prostate Cancer Patients With Recombinant Soluble Prostate-Specific Membrane Antigen (Rs-PSMA) Plus the Immunological Adjuvant Alhydrogel. Brief Summary: The purpose of this research is to help us study a vaccine treatment for patients with prostate cancer. A vaccine is a medicine that teaches the body to destroy harmful infections and other diseases, such as cancer. Your immune system is made up of many different types of cells which fight infection and disease in your body. A vaccine may stimulate the immune system to destroy the cancer cells. It may also help to slow the growth of the cancer. The vaccine is a solution given as an injection into or under the skin. It is made up of several parts. The first part is PSMA, a protein present in many cancers, especially prostate cancer. It is referred to as rsPSMA when made in a laboratory for this study and is mixed with a material called Alhydrogel (aluminum hydroxide suspension) which helps the immune system to make more cancer-fighting cells.
NCT00003638	Study Title: Vaccine Therapy in Treating Women With Metastatic Breast Cancer. Brief Summary: RATIONALE: Drugs used in chemotherapy use different ways to stop tumor cells from dividing so they stop growing or die. Vaccines may make the body build an immune response to kill tumor cells. It is not yet known whether THERATOPE vaccine therapy is more effective than standard vaccine therapy in treating metastatic breast cancer. PURPOSE: Randomized double blinded phase III trial to compare the effectiveness of THERATOPE vaccine therapy with that of standard vaccine therapy in treating women who have metastatic breast cancer.
NCT00001512	"Study Title: Active Specific Immunotherapy for Follicular Lymphomas With Tumor-Derived Immunoglobulin Idiotype Antigen Vaccines. Brief Summary: The idiotype of the immunoglobulin on a given B cell malignancy (Id) can serve as a clonal marker, and a previous pilot study in lymphoma patients has demonstrated that autologous Id protein can be formulated into an immunogenic, tumor specific antigen by conjugation to a carrier protein (KLH) and administration with an emulsion-based adjuvant. The goals of vaccine development in the current study are to develop vaccines: 1) with improved potency and 2) which are more effective at inducing cell-mediated immune responses. The selection of GM-CSF as the immunological ""adjuvant"" is a direct extension of our laboratory studies in small animal models demonstrating that GM-CSF can enhance the potency of the prototype Id-KLH vaccine by augmenting almost exclusively the cellular arm of the immune response. The objectives of this study are: 1) to evaluate cellular and humoral immune responses against the unique idiotype of the patient's lymphoma and 2) to evaluate the ability of the Id vaccine to clear the bone marrow of malignant cells detectable by pathologic examination or molecular examination (polymerase chain reaction amplification of the rearranged bcl-2 oncogene). The goal of this study is to treat previously untreated patients with follicular lymphomas to complete remission or minimal residual disease with ProMACE chemotherapy. Three to six months after completion of chemotherapy, in an effort to reduce the relapse rate (by eradicating microscopic disease resistant to chemotherapy), patients will receive an autologous Id vaccine administered in combination with GM-CSF. Id-KLH (0.5 mg) is administered subcutaneously. GM-CSF is administered subcutaneously locally with the vaccine on the day of vaccination and for the three consecutive days following vaccination as close to the initial vaccination site as possible at one of two doses (patients are randomized to either a high or low dose, 500 or 100 micrograms/m2). We plan to accrue 42 patients. Twenty-nine patients have been enrolled. Sixteen patients have entered and/or completed the vaccination phase. Patients have demonstrated significant lymphoproliferative responses specific for autologous idiotype of a magnitude which is significantly greater than previously observed."
NCT02721043	Study Title: Safety and Immunogenicity of Personalized Genomic Vaccine to Treat Malignancies. Brief Summary: The purpose of this study is to test the safety, tolerability, and immunogenicity of Personalized Genomic Vaccine 001 (PGV001) in subjects with advanced non-hematologic malignancies. PGV001 is a peptide vaccine that is based on a patient's own tumor sequence. Each patient's tumor is sequenced and peptides that correspond to the tumors are made. These peptides combined with the adjuvant Poly-ICLC (Hiltonol, Oncovir) make PGV001. The adjuvant Poly-ICLC is added to boost the immune response to the peptides and together will expand immune cells to target cancer.
