NCT Number	Study Summary
NCT03807102	"Study Title: Trial of Tumor Vaccine Used for Adjuvant Therapy in Post Radical Operation Patients With Lung Cancer. Brief Summary: Tumor vaccines may make the body build an immune response to kill tumor cells. This research study is evaluating a new type of tumor vaccine termed as ""Neoantigen Tumor Vaccine"". The purpose of this phase I/II trial study is to assess the safety and effectiveness of neoantigentumor vaccine in post radical operation patients with stage IIIA lung cancer."
NCT06054308	Study Title: Mesothelin-targeted CAR-T Cells as a Neo-adjuvant Treatment in Patients With Resectable Pancreatic Cancers: a Feasibility Study. Brief Summary: Pancreatic ductal adenocarcinoma (PDAC) is a cancer of grave prognosis, with only about 10% of patients alive at 5 years after diagnosis. Primary surgical resection is feasible in about 10-15% of patients with an early-stage disease. Another 30-35% of patients have locally advanced disease with invasion into major vasculature but without detectable metastases. Surgery offers a chance of cure. The introduction of adjuvant multi-agent chemotherapy has improved prognosis after surgery. In the management of patients with PDAC, the role of neoadjuvant therapy is less certain. Neoadjuvant therapy for pancreatic cancer can in theory control early systemic spread and improve rate of having no macroscopic or microscopic residual tumor (R0 resection). In the The European Study Group for Pancreatic Cancer (ESPAC-5) study, neoadjuvant combination chemotherapy did not increase rate of resection who had borderline-resectable disease but appears to improve overall survival (OS). Chimeric antigen receptor (CAR) T-cell therapy may represent a new paradigm in the treatment of pancreatic cancer. Mesothelin (MSLN) is a 40 kDa membrane protein not expressed in normal cells, but highly expressed in a variety of cancer cells, such as mesothelioma, lung, breast, ovarian, gastric and pancreatic cancer. MSLN is expressed about 80% of PDAC. There are several immunotherapies targeting MSLN for PDAC treatment, including antibody-based drugs (monoclonal antibodies, antibody-drug conjugates, immunotoxins), vaccines, and CAR-T cell therapy. The safety of CAR-T cells targeting MSLN in the treatment of cancers has also been verified in several clinical trials on lung cancers (NCT01583686, NCT02414269, NCT01355965). Professor Li Peng's group at the Chinese Academy of Science designed third generation CAR-T cells targeting MSLN and validated their use in both human PDAC cell lines, animal models, and in 4 patients with advanced malignancies. In a 42-year-old man with metastatic PDAC, the MSLN targeted CAR-T treatment led to complete response follow several hepatic artery infusion and intravenous infusion. These early cases confirmed the safety of these MSLN targeted CAR-T cells. In the current proposed feasibility study, the researcher hypothesise that Endoscopic ultrasound (EUS)-guided injection of MSLN targeted CAR-T cells into PDAC can induce a tumor response, improve rate of R0 resection and translate into better patient survival.
NCT00938223	Study Title: Evaluation of the Immunogenicity of Vaccination With Multiple Synthetic Melanoma Peptides With Granulocyte-macrophage Colony-stimulating Factor (GM-CSF)-In-Adjuvant, in Patients With Advanced Melanoma. Brief Summary: This is an open-label, phase II study of a vaccine comprising melanoma peptides and a tetanus helper peptide, administered in GM-CSF-in-adjuvant. Patients will be randomized to receive one of two different vaccine regimens. Patients will be stratified by stage of disease (IIB versus III versus IV).
NCT00003895	Study Title: Vaccine Therapy in Treating HLA-A2 Positive Patients With Melanoma. Brief Summary: This randomized pilot phase II trial studies how well vaccine therapy works in treating human leukocyte antigen class 1 histocompatibility, A-2 (HLA-A2) positive patients with melanoma. Vaccines made from peptides may help the body build an effective immune response to kill tumor cells.
NCT00025181	Study Title: Monoclonal Antibody and Vaccine Therapy in Treating Patients With Stage III or Stage IV Melanoma That Has Been Removed During Surgery. Brief Summary: RATIONALE: Monoclonal antibodies can locate tumor cells and either kill them or deliver tumor-killing substances to them without harming normal cells. Vaccines made from a person's cancer cells may make the body build an immune response to kill tumor cells. PURPOSE: Phase I trial to study the effectiveness of combining monoclonal antibody therapy and vaccine therapy in treating patients who have stage III or stage IV melanoma that has been removed during surgery.
NCT01081223	Study Title: Phase I/II Study To Test The Safety and Efficacy of TVI-Brain-1 As A Treatment For Recurrent Grade IV Glioma. Brief Summary: TVI-Brain-1 is an experimental treatment that takes advantage of the fact that your body can produce immune cells, called 'killer' white blood cells that have the ability to kill large numbers of the cancer cells that are present in your body. TVI-Brain-1 is designed to generate large numbers of those 'killer' white blood cells and to deliver those cells into your body so that they can kill your cancer cells.
NCT01585350	Study Title: A Multipeptide Vaccine Plus Toll-Like Receptor Agonists in Melanoma Patients. Brief Summary: The purpose of this study is to learn the effects an experimental vaccine (MELITAC 12.1) combined with other substances called lipopolysaccharide (LPS; endotoxin), polyICLC, and Montanide ISA-51. The LPS, polyICLC, and Montanide ISA-51 are included with the vaccine to test whether they have an effect on the MELITAC 12.1 vaccine. The study will also look at whether the experimental vaccine and these drugs cause any changes to the immune system.
NCT00022438	Study Title: Vaccine Therapy With or Without Interleukin-2 in Treating Patients With Metastatic Melanoma That Has Not Responded to Previous Treatment. Brief Summary: RATIONALE: Vaccines may make the body build an immune response to kill tumor cells. Interleukin-2 may stimulate a person's white blood cells to kill tumor cells. Combining vaccine therapy with interleukin-2 may be an effective treatment for metastatic melanoma. PURPOSE: Randomized phase II trial to compare the effectiveness of vaccine therapy plus interleukin-2 to that of vaccine therapy alone in treating patients who have metastatic melanoma that has not responded to previous treatment.
NCT00030823	Study Title: Vaccine Therapy in Treating Patients at High Risk for Breast Cancer Recurrence. Brief Summary: RATIONALE: Vaccines may make the body build an immune response and decrease the recurrence of breast cancer. PURPOSE: Pilot trial to study the effectiveness of vaccine therapy in treating patients who are at high risk for breast cancer recurrence.
NCT05163223	Study Title: Therapeutic Cancer Vaccine (AST-301, pNGVL3-hICD) in Patients With Breast Cancer. Brief Summary: The purpose of this study is to evaluate the efficacy and safety of an adjuvant treatment of therapeutic cancer vaccine (AST-301, pNGVL3-hICD) in patients with HER2-low expression (IHC 1+ or 2+ and ISH-) and hormone receptor-negative(ER-, PR-) breast cancer with residual disease after neoadjuvant treatment. Patients will be randomized 1:1 to either the Experimental arm (combination of AST-301/rhuGM CSF and standard adjuvant therapy) or the Control arm (combination of placebo/rhuGM CSF and standard adjuvant therapy). Standard adjuvant chemotherapy will be pembrolizumab or capecitabine. Adjuvant therapy will be administered in compliance with the NCCN guideline for breast cancer (Version 8, 2021), and IP (AST-301) will be administered 3 times every 3 weeks in the adjuvant treatment period, with a booster administered at 24 weeks (±7 days) post the third dose of IP administration. Survival follow up will be performed to determine invasive Disease Free survival(iDFS).
