NCT Number	Study Summary
NCT00072085	Study Title: Immunization With gp100 Protein Vaccine in Treating Patients With Metastatic Melanoma. Brief Summary: RATIONALE: Vaccines may make the body build an immune response to kill tumor cells. PURPOSE: This randomized phase II trial is studying immunization using two different gp100 protein vaccines to compare how well they work in treating patients with metastatic melanoma.
NCT01584115	Study Title: Clinical Trial of a Therapeutic Vaccine With NY-ESO-1 in Combination With the Adjuvant Monophosphoryl Lipid A (MPLA). Brief Summary: This study is a clinical trial phase I/II. Its goal is to determine the safety, tolerability, immunogenicity and efficacy of a therapeutic vaccine with the tumor antigen NY-ESO-1 combined with the adjuvant MPLA from B. pertussis in cancer patients.
NCT02405585	"Study Title: Immunotherapy and SBRT Study in Borderline Resectable Pancreatic Cancer. Brief Summary: Unfortunately, despite the best clinical efforts and breakthroughs in biotechnology, most patients diagnosed with pancreatic cancer continue to die from the rapid progression of their disease. One primary reason for this is that the disease is typically without symptoms until significant local and/or distant spread has occurred and is often beyond the chance for cure at the time of the diagnosis. The lack of any treatment to substantially increase long term survival rates is reflected by the poor outcomes associated with this disease, specifically time to disease progression and overall survival. However, another important part of the body is now being looked at as a target for therapy against this disease - the immune system. Scientists have clearly shown that pancreatic tumor cells produce a number of defective proteins, or express normal proteins in highly uncharacteristic ways, as part of this cancer. In some cancers, these abnormalities can cause an immune response to the cancer cells much in the way one responds to infected tissue. In progressive cancers however, the immune system fails to effectively identify or respond to these abnormalities and the cancer cells are not attacked or destroyed for reasons not yet fully understood. This clinical trial proposes a new way to stimulate the immune system to recognize pancreatic cancer cells and to stimulate an immune response that destroys or blocks the growth of the cancer. This new method of treatment helps the immune system of pancreatic cancer patients to ""identify"" the cancerous tissue so that it can be eliminated from the body. As an example, patients with certain diseases may require an organ transplant to replace a damaged kidney or heart. After receiving their transplant, these patients receive special drugs because they are at great danger of having an immune response that destroys or ""rejects"" the transplanted organ. This ""rejection"" occurs when their immune system responds to differences between the cells of the transplanted organ and their own immune system by attacking the foreign tissue in the same way as it would attack infected tissue. When the differences between foreign tissues and the patient's body are even larger, as with the differences between organs from different species, the rejection is very rapid, highly destructive, and the immunity it generates is longlasting. This is called hyperacute rejection and the medicine used to immunize patients in this protocol tries to harness this response to teach a patient's immune system to fight their pancreatic cancer just as the body would learn to reject a transplanted organ from an animal. To do this, Algenpantucel-L immunotherapy contains human pancreatic cancer cells that contain a mouse gene that marks the cancer cells as foreign to patient's immune systems. The immune system therefore attacks these cancer cells just as they would attack any truly foreign tissue, destroying as much as it can. Additionally, the immune system is stimulated to identify differences (aside from the mouse gene) between these cancer cells and normal human tissue as foreign. This ""education"" of the immune system helps treat the patient because pancreatic cancer cells already present in a treated patient are believed to show some of the same differences from normal tissue as the modified pancreatic cancer cells in the product. Due to these similarities, the immune system, once ""educated"" by the Algenpantucel-L immunotherapy, identifies the patient's cancer as foreign and attacks. Historically, external beam radiation has been part of the treatment of pancreatic cancer, both before and after surgical resection. Recent breakthroughs in technology now allow for more intensive doses of radiation to be delivered to the body with greater precision. These newer, more precise radiation treatments, called stereotactic body radiation, deliver more intensive radiation to a locally advanced tumor and are now being employed in the treatment of pancreatic cancer. Stereotactic body radiation may increase the chances that surgery will successfully remove a pancreatic cancer. In this experimental study, all patients will be given a strong combination of antitumor chemotherapy while receiving injections of an immunotherapy drug consisting of two types of pancreatic cancer cells that have been modified to make them more easily recognized and attacked by the immune system. The investigators propose to test this new treatment paradigm along with stereotactic body radiation in patients with borderline resectable pancreatic cancer to demonstrate that treatment with this combination of therapies increases the time until the tumor progresses as well as overall survival."
NCT01403285	Study Title: Peptide-based Glioma Vaccine IMA950 in Patients With Glioblastoma. Brief Summary: BACKGROUND: Active immunotherapy of cancer is based on the premise that the vaccine raises a cytotoxic immune response to tumor-associated antigens, thereby destroying malignant cells without harming normal cells. IMA950 is a therapeutic multi-peptide vaccine containing 11 tumor-associated peptides (TUMAPs) found in a majority of glioblastomas, and is designed to activate TUMAP-specific T cells. The use of 11 TUMAPs increases the likelihood of a multi-clonal, highly specific T-cell response against tumor cells leading to decreased likelihood of immune evasion of the tumor by down-regulation of target antigens. PURPOSE: The primary objective of this study is to determine the safety and tolerability of IMA950 when given with cyclophosphamide, granulocyte macrophage-colony stimulating factor (GM-CSF) and imiquimod in patients with glioblastoma and to determine if IMA950 shows sufficient immunogenicity in these patients. ELIGIBILITY: Patients with histologically proven GBMs who have completed radiotherapy, and have stable disease following at least 4 cycles of adjuvant temozolomide.
NCT00323115	Study Title: Phase II Feasibility Study of Dendritic Cell Vaccination for Newly Diagnosed Glioblastoma Multiforme. Brief Summary: Adult patients who have surgical resection of newly diagnosed glioblastoma multiforme will be treated with radiotherapy/chemotherapy followed by dendritic cell vaccine. Chemotherapy will be administered after three vaccinations for one year or until progression of disease.
NCT00006385	Study Title: Vaccine Therapy With or Without Biological Therapy in Treating Patients With Metastatic Melanoma. Brief Summary: RATIONALE: Vaccines may make the body build an immune response to kill tumor cells. Biological therapies such as sargramostim and interferon alfa use different ways to stimulate the immune system and stop cancer cells from growing. It is not yet known if vaccine therapy if more effective with or without biological therapy for melanoma. PURPOSE: Randomized phase II trial to compare the effectiveness of vaccine therapy with or without biological therapy in treating patients who have metastatic melanoma.
NCT01588015	Study Title: Vaccine Therapy in Preventing Cytomegalovirus Infection in Patients With Hematological Malignancies Undergoing Donor Stem Cell Transplant. Brief Summary: This randomized phase I trial studies the side effects of vaccine therapy in preventing cytomegalovirus (CMV) infection in patients with hematological malignancies undergoing donor stem cell transplant. Vaccines made from a tetanus-CMV peptide or antigen may help the body build an effective immune response and prevent or delay the recurrence of CMV infection in patients undergoing donor stem cell transplant for hematological malignancies.
NCT06341907	Study Title: Application of MRD Combined With Personalized Vaccine in the Treatment of Postoperative Recurrence Prevention of EOC. Brief Summary: The goal of this clinical trial is as follows:(1) Establish a clinical technical system for ctDNA dynamic monitoring of MRD in postoperative EOC patients, providing a new technical means for postoperative recurrence prevention and monitoring of EOC patients.(2) Establish a clinical technical system for adjuvant treatment of postoperative recurrence prevention for EOC patients with conventional protocols combined with personalized vaccines, so as to provide a new treatment method for postoperative recurrence prevention for EOC patients, with a view to obtaining a better survival prognosis.(3) To establish and improve the prediction process of Neoantigen for ovarian cancer and the in vitro evaluation system of the effectiveness of neoantigen vaccine, achieve independent innovation of tumor neoantigen vaccine treatment technology, and cultivate a group of technical forces to master the development of modern tumor vaccine drugs.(4) The new technology system has been promoted and applied in 5 hospitals in the province.
NCT01213407	Study Title: Dendritic Cell Cancer Vaccine for High-grade Glioma. Brief Summary: A randomised, open-label, 2-arm, multi-centre, phase II clinical study with one group receiving standard therapy with Temozolomide, radiotherapy, and Trivax; and a control group receiving standard therapy with Temozolomide and radiotherapy only; after tumour resection of at least 70% in both groups. The hypothesis is based on the assumption that time to progression will be doubled in the treatment group.
NCT05101356	Study Title: A Cancer Vaccine (Labvax 3(22)-23) and GM-CSF Alone or in Combination With Pembrolizumab for the Treatment of Advanced Stage Adenocarcinoma. Brief Summary: This phase 1/2 trial tests the safety and effectiveness of a cancer vaccine called Labvax 3(22)-23 and GM-CSF alone or in combination with pembrolizumab in treating adenocarcinoma that has spread to other places in the body (advanced stage). Labvax 3(22)-23 is designed to target a specific antigen (labyrinthin), which is a protein found on the surface of adenocarcinoma tumor cells. Labyrinthin is a protein that is not expressed on normal cells in the skin, lungs, salivary glands, pancreas, nor other tissues. In adenocarcinoma, the tumor cells produce too much labyrinthin causing them to express this protein on the surface of the tumor cells. One way to control the growth of these tumor cells is to teach the immune system to generate an immune response against the labyrinthin protein by vaccination against labyrinthin. GM-CSF, or sargramostim, is a protein that acts as a white blood cell growth factor. It has also been shown to stimulate immune system. Thus, administration of GM-CSF may help to boost the immune system response when given together with the vaccine. This study may improve the general knowledge about Labvax 3(22)-23 and how the body may generate an immune response to kill adenocarcinoma tumor cells. In the second phase of the study, participants will also receive pembrolizumab, which may improve anti-cancer activity when given with Labvax 3(22)-23 and GM-CSF.
