NCT Number	Study Summary
NCT00485563	Study Title: A Phase II Study of EC17 (Folate-hapten Conjugate) in Patients With Progressive Metastatic Renal Cell Carcinoma. Brief Summary: This is a Phase 2 clinical trial to collect data on tumor responses produced by folate-hapten conjugate therapy (vaccination with EC90 \[KLH-FITC\] and GPI-0100 adjuvant followed by treatment with EC17 (folate-FITC) in combination with low-dose cytokines in patients with progressive metastatic renal cell carcinoma. All patients will undergo imaging with the investigational imaging agent 99mTc-EC20 (FolateScan) during the screening period to confirm eligibility for the treatment portion of the clinical trial.
NCT00003339	Study Title: Vaccine Therapy With or Without Interleukin-12 in Treating Patients With Stage III or Stage IV Melanoma. Brief Summary: RATIONALE: Vaccines made from a person's cancer cells may make the body build an immune response that will kill tumor cells. Interleukin-12 may kill tumor cells by stopping blood flow to the tumor and by stimulating white blood cells to kill melanoma cells. PURPOSE: Randomized phase II trial to determine the effectiveness of vaccine therapy given with interleukin-12 in treating patients who have stage III or stage IV melanoma.
NCT02334735	Study Title: A Comparison of Matured Dendritic Cells and Montanide in Study Subjects With High Risk of Melanoma Recurrence. Brief Summary: Vaccine adjuvants are compounds used to increase specific immune responses to antigens, but have minimal toxicity or lasting immune effects on their own. This study investigates the use of dendritic cells as an adjuvant for NY-ESO-1 and Melan-A/MART-1 peptides compared to Montanide in study subjects with melanoma in complete clinical remission.
NCT05846516	Study Title: A Study to Evaluate ATP150/ATP152, VSV-GP154 and Ezabenlimab in Patients With KRAS G12D/G12V Mutated PDAC (KISIMA-02). Brief Summary: The goal of this clinical trial is to test an experimental treatment (immunotherapy) in pancreatic cancer patients. The main research objectives are: * to evaluate if the KISIMA-02 treatment is safe and well-tolerated (first part)\* to evaluate if the KISIMA-02 treatment has an impact on the time to observe a possible reappearance of the tumor (second part). Participants will receive: i) a therapeutic protein vaccine ATP150 or ATP 152 ii) a viral vector VSV-GP154 iii) an immune checkpoint inhibitor Ezabenlimab In the second part of the study, researchers will compare treatment group versus observational group.
NCT05936216	Study Title: TVI-Brain-1 in Expanded Access Patient. Brief Summary: TVI-Brain-1 is being offered as a potential treatment option to a Named Patient (Emergency Use Authorization IND) for recurrent glioblastoma as there is no effective systemic treatment available for this disease or patient. TVI-Brain-1 is an experimental treatment that takes advantage of the fact that your body can produce immune cells, called 'killer' white blood cells that have the ability to kill large numbers of the cancer cells that are present in your body. TVI-Brain-1 is designed to generate large numbers of those 'killer' white blood cells and to deliver those cells into your body so that they can kill your cancer cells.
NCT00036816	Study Title: Vaccine Therapy in Treating Patients With Melanoma of the Eye. Brief Summary: RATIONALE: Vaccines may make the body build an immune response to kill tumor cells and decrease the recurrence of melanoma of the eye. PURPOSE: Randomized phase III trial to determine the effectiveness of vaccine therapy in treating patients who are at high risk for recurrent melanoma of the eye.
NCT00002916	Study Title: Surgery and Vaccine Therapy in Treating Patients With Early Cervical Cancer. Brief Summary: RATIONALE: Vaccines made from human papillomavirus may make the body build an immune response to and kill cervical cancer cells. Combining vaccine therapy with surgery may be a more effective treatment for cervical cancer. PURPOSE: This phase II trial is studying how well giving vaccine therapy together with surgery works in treating patients with early cervical cancer.
NCT00112216	Study Title: Immunotherapy of Melanoma Patients. Brief Summary: The purpose of this study is to test whether vaccination with antigenic peptides induces an immune response in the vaccine site sentinel lymph node of patients with microscopically detectable lymph node melanoma metastases.
NCT02134925	Study Title: Vaccine Therapy in Treating Patients With Newly Diagnosed Advanced Colon Polyps. Brief Summary: This randomized phase II clinical trial studies how well MUC1 peptide-poly-ICLC adjuvant vaccine works in treating patients with newly diagnosed advanced colon polyps (adenomatous polyps). Adenomatous polyps are growths in the colon that may develop into colorectal cancer over time. Vaccines made from peptides may help the body build an effective immune response to kill polyp cells. MUC1 peptide-poly-ICLC adjuvant vaccine may also prevent the recurrence of adenomatous polyps and may prevent the development of colorectal cancer.
NCT00454168	Study Title: Vaccine Therapy and GM-CSF in Treating Patients With Acute Myeloid Leukemia in Remission. Brief Summary: RATIONALE: Vaccines made from a peptide may help the body build an effective immune response to kill cancer cells. Colony-stimulating factors, such as GM-CSF, increase the number of white blood cells and platelets found in bone marrow or peripheral blood. Giving vaccine therapy together with GM-CSF may be an effective treatment for acute myeloid leukemia. It is not yet known whether giving vaccine therapy together with GM-CSF is more effective than giving placebo together with GM-CSF in treating acute myeloid leukemia. PURPOSE: This randomized phase III trial is studying vaccine therapy and GM-CSF to see how well they work compared with a placebo and GM-CSF in treating patients with acute myeloid leukemia in remission.
