NCT Number	Study Summary
NCT04911621	Study Title: Adjuvant Dendritic Cell Immunotherapy for Pediatric Patients With High-grade Glioma or Diffuse Intrinsic Pontine Glioma. Brief Summary: Childhood aggressive gliomas are rare brain tumors with very poor prognosis. Due to the tumor's location and infiltrative nature, surgical removal is not always possible, and even when resection is performed and combined with chemo- and/or radiotherapy, tumor cells frequently persist, eventually giving rise to tumor recurrence. A promising strategy to eradicate persisting tumor cells is vaccination with dendritic cells (DC). DC are immune cells that play an important role in organizing the body's defense against cancer. The goal of DC vaccination is to activate these natural anti-tumor defense mechanisms to delay or prevent tumor progression or recurrence. Previous clinical studies have demonstrated that DC vaccination is well-tolerated, safe and capable of eliciting tumorspecific immunity. A clinical study including 10 pediatric patients (aged ≥ 12 months and \< 18 years at the time of signing the informed consent) with brain (stem) tumors is initiated at the Antwerp University Hospital to investigate intradermal vaccination with WT1 mRNA-loaded autologous monocyte-derived DCs, either combined with first-line chemoradiation treatment or administered as adjuvant therapy following previous therapies. The general objective of this phase I/II clinical study is (1) to demonstrate that WT1-targeted DC vaccine production and administration in pediatric patients with HGG and DIPG, either combined with first-line chemoradiation treatment or administered as adjuvant therapy following previous therapies, is feasible and safe, (2) to study vaccine-induced immune responses, (3) to document patients' quality of life and clinical outcome for comparison with current patients' outcome allowing indication of the added value.
NCT00437502	Study Title: A Phase I Study of Ovarian Cancer Peptides Plus GM-CSF and Adjuvant With Ovarian, Tubal or Peritoneal Cancer. Brief Summary: This study will evaluate the safety of administering a peptide vaccine consisting of twelve different tumor-rejection antigens known to be present on ovarian tumor cells. The vaccine is designed to elicit immune responses against twelve different pathways that are essential to tumor growth, survival and metastasis.HLA-A2+ is a required criteria for subject eligibility.
NCT01595321	Study Title: Pancreatic Tumor Cell Vaccine (GVAX), Low Dose Cyclophosphamide, Fractionated Stereotactic Body Radiation Therapy (SBRT), and FOLFIRINOX Chemotherapy in Patients With Resected Adenocarcinoma of the Pancreas. Brief Summary: The purpose of this study is to estimate safety of a whole cell vaccine with immune modulating doses of cyclophosphamide followed by SBRT and FOLFIRINOX chemotherapy in pancreatic cancer patients after surgery.
NCT01390064	Study Title: Vaccination of High Risk Breast Cancer Patients. Brief Summary: Objective - Determine the safety and tolerability of a peptide mimotope-based vaccine upon immunization of breast cancer subjects.
NCT00455221	Study Title: Safety Assessment of a Multipeptide-gene Vaccine in CML. Brief Summary: The primary purpose of this study is to evaluate the safety of a peptide-gene vaccine against CML in patients under Imatinib treatment. We will also perform some laboratory tests suggesting biological response.
NCT00928902	Study Title: Trial for the Evaluation of the Effect of Systemic Low-dose Interleukin-2 (IL-2) on the Immunogenicity of a Vaccine Comprising Synthetic Melanoma Peptides Administered With Granulocyte-macrophage Colony-stimulating Factor (GM-CSF)-In-Adjuvant, in Patients With High Risk Melanoma. Brief Summary: This clinical pilot study will test the hypothesis that systemic low-dose IL-2 therapy significantly enhances the immunologic efficacy of a vaccine comprising melanoma peptides plus GM-CSF-in-adjuvant.
NCT00019721	Study Title: Vaccine Therapy With or Without Interleukin-2 in Treating Patients With Metastatic Melanoma. Brief Summary: RATIONALE: Vaccines may make the body build an immune response to kill tumor cells. Interleukin-2 may stimulate a person's white blood cells to kill tumor cells. Combining vaccine therapy with interleukin-2 may be an effective treatment for metastatic melanoma. PURPOSE: Phase II trial to compare the effectiveness of vaccine therapy with or without interleukin-2 in treating patients who have metastatic melanoma that has not responded to previous therapy.
NCT02405221	Study Title: Safety and Feasibility of TA-CIN Vaccine in HPV16 Associated Cervical Cancer. Brief Summary: This study will be looking at what dose of the TA-CIN vaccine is safe and effective in patients with a history of HPV16-associated cervical cancer.
NCT05726864	Study Title: A Study of ELI-002 7P in Subjects With KRAS/NRAS Mutated Solid Tumors. Brief Summary: This is a Phase 1/2 study to assess the safety and efficacy of ELI-002 7P immunotherapy (a lipid-conjugated immune-stimulatory oligonucleotide \[Amph-CpG-7909\] plus a mixture of lipid-conjugated peptide-based antigens \[Amph-Peptides 7P\]) as adjuvant treatment in subjects with solid tumors with mutated KRAS/NRAS. This study builds on the experience obtained with related product ELI-002 2P, which was studied in protocol ELI-002-001 under IND 26909.
NCT00021164	Study Title: Vaccine Therapy in Treating Patients With Metastatic Cancer. Brief Summary: RATIONALE: Vaccines made from a peptide may make the body build an immune response and kill tumor cells. PURPOSE: Randomized phase II trial to study the effectiveness of vaccine therapy in treating patients who have metastatic cancer.
