NCT Number	Study Summary
NCT00086866	Study Title: Vaccine Therapy in Treating Patients With Stage III or Stage IV Melanoma That Cannot Be Removed With Surgery. Brief Summary: RATIONALE: Vaccines may make the body build an immune response to kill tumor cells. PURPOSE: This randomized phase II trial is studying two different regimens of vaccine therapy and comparing them to see how well they work in treating patients with stage III or stage IV melanoma that cannot be removed with surgery.
NCT02334865	Study Title: SVN53-67/M57-KLH Peptide Vaccine in Treating Patients With Newly Diagnosed Multiple Myeloma Receiving Lenalidomide Maintenance Therapy. Brief Summary: This phase I trial studies the safety of SVN53-67/M57-KLH peptide vaccine in incomplete Freund's adjuvant together with sargramostim in treating patients with newly diagnosed multiple myeloma who are receiving lenalidomide maintenance therapy. Vaccines made from survivin peptide may help the body build an effective immune response to kill cancer cells that express survivin. Incomplete Freund's adjuvant may help stimulate the body's immune response to a vaccine treatment. Colony-stimulating factors, such as sargramostim, may increase the production of blood cells. Lenalidomide may stop the growth of cancer cells by blocking some of the enzymes needed for cell growth. Giving SVN53-67/M57-KLH peptide vaccine in incomplete Freund's adjuvant and sargramostim before or after the start of lenalidomide maintenance therapy may be a better treatment for multiple myeloma.
NCT06243666	Study Title: Long-term Effectiveness and Immuno-persistence Study of a Recombinant HPV 16/18 Bivalent Vaccine in Preadolescent Girls. Brief Summary: The primary objective of this study is to evaluate the protective efficacy against future infections of HPV types 16/18 or related diseases and immuno-persistence (type specific IgG antibody) of the bivalent HPV vaccine in young female populations aged 9-17 years.
NCT04912765	Study Title: Neoantigen Dendritic Cell Vaccine and Nivolumab in HCC and Liver Metastases From CRC. Brief Summary: This is a single arm phase II study of adjuvant intra-dermal NA DC vaccine combined with intravenous nivolumab in patients with resectable HCC (group A) or CRLM (group B) planned for curative surgery (with/without local ablation).
NCT04968366	Study Title: Safety & Efficacy of DC Vaccine and TMZ for the Treatment of Newly-diagnosed Glioblastoma After Surgery. Brief Summary: This is a single-center, single-arm phase I study to determine the safety and preliminary efficacy of autologous dendritic cells (DCs) loaded with multiple tumor neoantigen peptides administered as a cancer-treatment vaccine to treat adult postoperative patients with newly-diagnosed glioblastoma, in combination with the standard-of-care Temozolomide (TMZ) chemotherapy.
NCT02897765	Study Title: A Personal Cancer Vaccine (NEO-PV-01) w/ Nivolumab for Patients With Melanoma, Lung Cancer or Bladder Cancer. Brief Summary: The purpose of this study is to evaluate if the treatment with NEO-PV-01 + adjuvant in combination with nivolumab is safe and useful for patients with certain types of cancer. The study also will investigate if NEO-PV-01 + adjuvant with nivolumab may represent a substantial improvement over other available therapies such as nivolumab alone. All eligible patients will receive NEO-PV-01 + adjuvant and nivolumab while on this trial.
NCT06202066	Study Title: Temozolomide and Survivin Long Peptide Vaccine (SurVaxM) for the Treatment of Patients With Progressing Metastatic Neuroendocrine Tumors. Brief Summary: This phase II trial compares the safety and effect of temozolomide combined with survivin long peptide vaccine (SurVaxM) to temozolomide alone in patients with neuroendocrine tumors (NET) that has spread from where it first started (primary site) to other places in the body (metastatic) and is growing, spreading or getting worse (progressing). Temozolomide is in a class of medications called alkylating agents. It works by damaging the cell's deoxyribonucleic acid and may kill tumor cells and slow down or stop tumor growth. Survivin, a protein, is expressed in 50% of patients that have neuroendocrine tumors and, is associated with poor outcomes. SVN53-67/M57-KLH peptide vaccine (SurVaxM) is a vaccine that has been shown to produce an immune system response against cancer cells that express a survivin and may block the growth of new tumor cells. Giving temozolomide with SurVaxM may kill more tumor cells in patients with progressing metastatic neuroendocrine tumors.
NCT00203866	Study Title: Trial of G250 Peptide and IL-2 Following Surgical Resection of Locally Advanced/Metastatic Renal Cell Carcinoma. Brief Summary: The purpose of this study is to determine whether the experimental vaccine G250 with or without IL-2 can produce an immune response in patients with renal cell carcinoma who have had all their cancer removed by surgery.
NCT01505166	Study Title: Randomized Phase II Adjuvant Chemotherapy ± FANG in Colorectal Carcinoma With Liver Metastases. Brief Summary: Preliminary studies with a variety of vaccines suggest target accessibility (potential immunogenicity) in a variety of solid tumors to immune directed approaches. In an effort to overcome limitations of immunostimulatory cancer vaccines, Gradalis has designed a novel autologous vaccine to address inability to fully identify cancer associated antigens, antigen recognition by the immune system (i.e. antigen--\>immunogen), effector potency, and cancer-induced resistance. In an effort to overcome limitations of immunostimulatory cancer vaccines, we designed a novel dual-modulatory autologous whole cell vaccine, Vigil, incorporating the rhGMCSF transgene and the bifunctional shRNAfurin (to block proprotein conversion to active TGFb1 and b2) to 1) address the inability to fully identify cancer associated antigens, 2) effect antigen recognition by the immune system, 3) enhance effector potency, and 4) subvert endogenous cancer-induced immune resistance. We have also completed the Phase I assessment of Vigil vaccine in 30 advanced solid tumor patients (1.0 x 10\^7 cells/injection/month for a maximum of 12 vaccinations) who have not experienced any significant adverse effects following 144 vaccinations, including 6 patients with colorectal carcinoma. Plasmid functionality, immune biomarker response, and preliminary evidence of anticancer activity have been observed. This is a two-part Phase II study of the Vigil autologous vaccine. Six patients will be enrolled into the Part 1 of the study to receive intradermal autologous Vigil cancer vaccine (1.0 x 10\^7 cells/injection; maximum of 12 vaccinations). Part 2 of the study will be a randomized Phase II study of sandwich or adjuvant chemotherapy and intradermal autologous Vigil cancer vaccine (1.0 x 10\^7 cells/injection; maximum of 12 vaccinations) versus sandwich or adjuvant chemotherapy and placebo in patients with colorectal carcinoma with either synchronous or metachronous liver metastases (CLM +/= pulmonary metastases) following resection +/= ablation with curative intent.Sandwich therapy indicates a combination of both pre-operative and postoperative chemotherapy as opposed to neo-adjuvant (all chemotherapy prior to surgery) or adjuvant (all chemotherapy following surgery) therapy. A minimum harvest aliquot to produce 4 monthly injections will be required for entry into the study. Patients in whom insufficient tissue (\<4 doses) is collected or whose vaccine fails manufacturing release criteria will not receive vaccine.
NCT06026774	Study Title: Clinical Study of Personalized mRNA Vaccine Encoding Neoantigen in Subjects With Resected Digestive System Neoplasms. Brief Summary: The purpose of this study is to assess the safety, feasibility, and efficacy of personalized mRNA vaccine iNeo-Vac-R01 with standard adjuvant therapy in subjects with surgically resected digestive system neoplasms.
