NCT Number	Study Summary
NCT00019591	Study Title: Vaccine Therapy With or Without Interleukin-2 in Treating Patients With Locally Advanced or Metastatic Colorectal Cancer. Brief Summary: RATIONALE: Vaccines may make the body build an immune response that will kill cancer cells. Combining vaccine therapy with interleukin-2 may kill more cancer cells. PURPOSE: Phase I/II trial to study the effectiveness of vaccine therapy with or without interleukin-2 in treating patients who have locally advanced or metastatic colorectal cancer.
NCT00674791	Study Title: Study of Cancer Peptides Vaccine Plus GM-CSF as Adjuvant Treatment for High Risk (TXN2-3M0) or Metastatic Breast Cancer With No Evidence of Disease. Brief Summary: This study will evaluate the safety and feasibility of administering a peptide vaccine consisting of twelve different tumor-rejection antigens to patients with high risk (TxN2-3M0) or metastatic breast cancer with no evidence of disease following their completion of systemic therapy. The vaccine is designed to elicit immune responses against twelve different pathways that are essential to tumor growth, survival and metastasis.
NCT00019994	Study Title: Vaccine Therapy in Treating Patients With Metastatic Melanoma. Brief Summary: RATIONALE: Vaccines may make the body build an immune response to kill tumor cells. PURPOSE: Phase II trial to study the effectiveness of vaccine therapy in treating patients who have metastatic melanoma that has not responded to previous therapy.
NCT00003362	Study Title: Vaccine Therapy Plus Immune Adjuvants in Treating Patients With Advanced Melanoma. Brief Summary: RATIONALE: Vaccines made from peptides that are found on melanoma cells may make the body build an immune response and kill melanoma cells. Combining vaccine therapy with immune adjuvants, such as GM-CSF, Montanide ISA-51, or QS21, may be a more effective treatment for advanced melanoma. PURPOSE: Randomized phase II trial to study the effectiveness of gp 100-tyrosinase peptide vaccine with one of the immune adjuvants GM-CSF, Montanide ISA-51, or QS21 in treating patients who have stage III or stage IV melanoma.
NCT00384891	Study Title: Hyperthermia Treatment in Conjunction With Mitomycin C Versus Bacillus Calmette-Guérin Immunotherapy (BCG) for Superficial Bladder Cancer. Brief Summary: The study is designed to compare the efficacy and safety of 2 treatment types for the prevention of tumor recurrence of superficial bladder cancer: 1. A combination of bladder wall heating and local chemotherapy (Synergo) 2. Bacillus Calmette-Guérin (BCG).
NCT02754362	Study Title: A Toll-like Receptor Agonist as an Adjuvant to Tumor Associated Antigens (TAA) Mixed With Montanide ISA-51 VG With Bevacizumab for Patients With Recurrent Glioblastoma. Brief Summary: This is a phase II study to determine the immunogenicity and efficacy of a vaccine composed of tumor associated long synthetic peptides mixed with Montanide ISA-51 VG administered with polyinosinic-polycytidylic acid - poly-L-lysine carboxymethylcellulose (Poly-ICLC) and bevacizumab in adults with recurrent glioblastoma.
NCT00478062	Study Title: Vaccine Therapy in Treating Patients Who Have Received First-Line Therapy for Hodgkin's Lymphoma. Brief Summary: RATIONALE: Vaccines made from a tumor antigen may help the body build an effective immune response to kill tumor cells. PURPOSE: This phase I/II trial is studying the side effects and how well vaccine therapy works in treating patients who have received first-line therapy for Hodgkin's lymphoma.
NCT06051760	Study Title: NV-001 in the Treatment of Advanced Solid Tumors. Brief Summary: This study is a single-center, open, dose-escalation Phase I clinical study. It is designed to evaluate the safety, tolerability, preliminary efficacy and immunogenicity of treating NV-001, a king of hybrid-membrane-based tumor vaccine in patients with advanced solid tumors.
NCT01258868	Study Title: Tumor Cell Vaccines With ISCOMATRIX Adjuvant and Celecoxib in Patients Undergoing Resection of Lung and Esophageal Cancers and Malignant Pleural Mesotheliomas. Brief Summary: Background: - Recent research has shown that causing an immune response to tumor cells may help slow or stop the growth of tumors. One treatment that has come from this research involves collecting and modifying a cancer patient's tumor cells in the laboratory, then returning the cells to the patient as a vaccine to encourage the immune system to respond to them. Researchers are interested in testing tumor cell vaccines with an experimental drug called ISCOMATRIX , which can be added to a vaccine in order to elicit a stronger immune response in the body. ISCOMATRIX has not been approved for sale and use in any country and its use is still experimental, though it has been tested and used safely in other clinical studies. Researchers are also interested in determining whether the anti-inflammatory drug celecoxib will improve the body's immune reaction if given with the vaccine. Objectives: - To assess the safety and effectiveness of tumor cell vaccines given with ISCOMATRIX and celecoxib in the treatment of lung and esophagus cancers. Eligibility: * Individuals at least 18 years of age who have primary small cell or non-small cell lung cancer, esophageal cancer, or pleural mesothelioma that can be removed by surgery. * Only individuals whose tumor cells are able to produce a tumor cell line for vaccine development will be eligible for treatment. Design: * Participants will be screened with a physical examination and medical history, and will have tumor tissue collected during their surgery to determine whether the tumor cells can be used to produce a vaccine. * Participants will take celecoxib twice daily for 7 days before having the first tumor cell vaccination. Participants will also have leukapheresis to collect blood cells for testing before the first vaccination. * Participants will receive one vaccine (which may be given in two shots) monthly for 6 months, and will continue to take celecoxib twice daily. One month after the 6th vaccine shot, participants will have another leukapheresis and skin test. If these tests show that a participant is responding to the vaccine, additional vaccines will be given every 3 months for up to 2 years. * Participants will have a physical exam and lab tests before each vaccination, blood samples and imaging studies every 3 months, and a skin test every 6 months. * Participants will have regular followup visits with imaging studies and blood samples for up to 5 years after the first vaccination, or until a new tumor develops.
NCT03714529	Study Title: A Study of IO103 in Montanide Adjuvant for Basal Cell Carcinoma. Brief Summary: A single center, open-label, phase IIa, single arm, window of opportunity trial with IO103 and Montanide adjuvant in patients with surgically resectable BCC.
