NCT Number	Study Summary
NCT05898828	Study Title: Phase I/II Evaluation of a Cancer Lysate Vaccine and Montanide(R) ISA-51 VG With Entinostat and Nivolumab as Adjuvant Therapy Following Chemoradiation Therapy With or Without Surgery for Locally Advanced Esophageal Cancer. Brief Summary: This is a Phase I/II study to determine the safety and immune response of the H1299 cell lysate vaccine mixed with Montanide(R) ISA-51 VG adjuvant, to be administered on the study in combination with Entinostat and Nivolumab in eligible participants with locally advanced esophageal cancers (EsC) following either neoadjuvant chemoradiation therapy (nCRT) or nCRT and surgery. Phase I of the protocol aims to determine the safe dose of the H1299 lung cancer cell lysate vaccine mixed with Montanide(R) ISA-51 VG adjuvant when it is administered in combination with Entinostat and Nivolumab. Phase II of the protocol will focus on assessing the level of immune response in participants receiving the study intervention when the H1299 cell lysate vaccine with Montanide(R) ISA-51 VG adjuvant is administered at the dose level determined in Phase I.
NCT01579188	Study Title: Study of the Telomerase Vaccine GV1001 to Treat Patients With Inoperable Stage III Non-small Cell Lung Cancer. Brief Summary: The purpose of this study is to evaluate survival in inoperable stage III Non-small Cell Lung Cancer patients following chemo-radiotherapy followed by GV1001 vaccination plus best supportive care.
NCT05283109	Study Title: ETAPA I: Peptide-based Tumor Associated Antigen Vaccine in GBM. Brief Summary: This is a phase 1b study of P30-linked EphA2, CMV pp65, and survivin vaccination (collectively called the P30-EPS vaccine) in HLA-A\*0201 positive patients with a newly diagnosed, unmethylated, and untreated World Health Organization (WHO) grade IV malignant glioma.
NCT00433745	Study Title: Wilm's Tumor 1 (WT1) Peptide Vaccine for High Risk Hematologic Malignancy. Brief Summary: This study will determine the safety and effectiveness of an experimental vaccine in controlling the abnormal growth of cells in patients with myelodysplastic syndrome (MDS, also known as myelodysplasia), acute myeloid leukemia (AML), acute lymphoblastic leukemia (ALL), and chronic myeloid leukemia (CML). It will test whether the vaccine can increase the number of immune cells responding to the cancer and thereby slow progression of the illness, improve blood counts, reduce the need for transfusions of blood and platelets, or even achieve a disease remission. The vaccine contains part of a protein that is produced in large amounts by cells of patients with these cancers and an added substance called Montanide that helps the immune system respond to the vaccine. Sargramostim, another substances that boosts the immune response, is also given. Patients 18 to 85 years of age with MDS, AML, ALL or CML may be eligible for this study. Candidates are screened with a medical history, physical examination, blood tests, chest x-ray and bone marrow biopsy. Women of childbearing age also have a pregnancy test. Participants undergo the following: * Chemotherapy entering the study. * Leukapheresis to collect large amounts of white blood cells for infusion before vaccine administration. * Participants may need placement of a central line (plastic tube, or catheter) in the upper part of the chest to be used for giving chemotherapy, blood or platelet transfusions, antibiotics and white blood cells, and for collecting blood samples. * Weekly vaccine injections for nine weeks, given in the upper arm, upper leg or abdomen. * Sargramostim injections following each vaccination. * Standard of care treatment for MDS, AML, ALL or CML, which may include blood or platelet transfusions, growth factors, and drugs to control underlying disease and potential side effects of the vaccine. * Weekly safety monitoring, including vital signs check, brief health assessment, blood tests and observation after the vaccination, on the day of each vaccination. * Follow-up evaluations with blood tests and chest x-ray 3 weeks after the last vaccine dose and with blood tests and bone marrow biopsy 7 weeks after the last vaccine dose.
NCT00857545	Study Title: OPT-821 With or Without Vaccine Therapy in Treating Patients With Ovarian Epithelial Cancer, Fallopian Tube Cancer, or Peritoneal Cancer in Second or Third Complete Remission. Brief Summary: This randomized phase II trial studies OPT-821 and vaccine therapy to see how well they work compared with OPT-821 alone in treating patients with ovarian epithelial cancer, fallopian tube cancer, or peritoneal cancer that has decreased or disappeared, but the cancer may still be in the body. Biological therapies, such as OPT-821, may stimulate the immune system in different ways and stop tumor cells from growing. Vaccines may help the body build an effective immune response to kill tumor cells. It is not yet known whether OPT-821 is more effective with or without vaccine therapy in treating patients with ovarian epithelial cancer, fallopian tube cancer, or peritoneal cancer.
NCT03558945	Study Title: Clinical Trial on Personalized Neoantigen Vaccine for Pancreatic Tumor. Brief Summary: This clinical trial is to evaluate the safety and impact on prognosis of personalized neoantigen peptide-based vaccines, which are based on next-generation sequencing and major histocompatibility complex affinity prediction algorithm, in patients with pancreatic ductal adenocarcinoma. The hypothesis of this study is that personalized neoantigen vaccines will be safe and can systemically elicit measurable neoantigen-specific immunologic responses in patients. Participants will receive complete macroscopic resection of primary tumor, standard adjuvant chemotherapy and subsequently personalized neoantigen vaccines.
NCT02576561	Study Title: Safety and Efficacy Study of TVGV-1 Vaccine to Treat HPV Induced Cervical HSIL. Brief Summary: The purpose of this research study is to test the safety and effectiveness of the investigational study vaccine, called TVGV-1. The study will test the vaccine in women with high grade HPV cervical infection.
NCT00019383	Study Title: Vaccine Therapy in Treating Patients With Recurrent or Refractory Metastatic Melanoma. Brief Summary: RATIONALE: Vaccines may make the body build an immune response to kill tumor cells. Giving the vaccine with interleukin-2 or sargramostim may help kill more tumor cells. PURPOSE: Phase II trial to study the effectiveness of peptide vaccine with or without adjuvant interleukin-2 or sargramostim in treating patients who have recurrent or refractory metastatic melanoma.
NCT00357461	Study Title: Ipilimumab With or Without Vaccine Therapy in Treating Patients With Previously Treated Stage IV Melanoma. Brief Summary: RATIONALE: Monoclonal antibodies, such as ipilimumab, can block tumor growth in different ways. Some block the ability of tumor cells to grow and spread. Others find tumor cells and help kill them or carry tumor-killing substances to them. Vaccines made from gp100 peptides may help the body build an effective immune response to kill tumor cells. Giving ipilimumab together with vaccine therapy may be an effective treatment for melanoma. PURPOSE: This randomized phase II trial is studying ipilimumab and vaccine therapy to see how well they work compared to ipilimumab alone in treating patients with previously treated stage IV melanoma.
NCT00499083	Study Title: Paclitaxel, Cyclophosphamide & Doxorubicin, Autologous Dendritic Cells & Surgery in Stage II/III Breast Cancer (Women). Brief Summary: RATIONALE: Drugs used in chemotherapy, such as paclitaxel, cyclophosphamide, and doxorubicin, work in different ways to stop the growth of tumor cells, either by killing the cells or by stopping them from dividing. Injecting the patient's dendritic cells directly into the tumor may stimulate the immune system and stop tumor cells from growing. Radiation therapy uses high-energy x-rays to kill tumor cells. Estrogen can cause the growth of breast cancer cells. Hormone therapy using tamoxifen may fight breast cancer by blocking the use of estrogen by the tumor cells. Giving combination chemotherapy together with autologous dendritic cells before surgery may make the tumor smaller and reduce the amount of normal tissue that needs to be removed. Giving radiation therapy and hormone therapy after surgery may kill any tumor cells that remain after surgery. PURPOSE: This phase II trial is studying the side effects and how well giving paclitaxel together with cyclophosphamide and doxorubicin followed by autologous dendritic cells and surgery with or without radiation therapy and/or hormone therapy works in treating women with stage II or stage III breast cancer.
