NCT Number	Study Summary
NCT01143545	Study Title: Pilot Study of Allogeneic Tumor Cell Vaccine With Metronomic Oral Cyclophosphamide and Celecoxib in Patients Undergoing Resection of Lung and Esophageal Cancers, Thymic Neoplasms, and Malignant Pleural Mesotheliomas. Brief Summary: Background: - Certain types of lung, esophageal, or thymic cancers and mesotheliomas have specific antigens (protein molecules) on their surfaces. Research studies have shown that giving a vaccine that contains antigens similar to these may cause an immune response, which may keep tumors from growing. Researchers are also interested in determining whether the chemotherapy drug cyclophosphamide and the anti-inflammatory drug celecoxib may help the vaccine work better, particularly in patients with lung cancer. Objectives: - To evaluate the safety and effectiveness of tumor cell vaccines in combination with cyclophosphamide and celecoxib in patients with cancers involving the chest. Eligibility: - Individuals at least 18 years of age who have had surgery for small cell or non-small cell lung cancer, esophageal cancer, thymoma or thymic carcinoma, and malignant pleural mesothelioma. Design: * Following recovery from surgery, chemotherapy, or radiation, participants will have leukapheresis to collect lymphocytes (white blood cells) for testing. * Participants will receive celecoxib and cyclophosphamide to take twice a day at home, 7 days before the vaccine. * Participants will have the vaccine in the clinical center (one or two shots per month for 6 months), and will stay in the clinic for about 4 hours after the vaccine. Participants will keep a diary at home of any side effects from the vaccine, and will continue to take cyclophosphamide and celecoxib. * One month after the sixth vaccine, participants will provide another blood sample for testing, and if the tests are satisfactory will return to the clinic every 3 months for 2 additional vaccines. * Participants will return to clinic for follow-up physical examinations, lab tests, and scans every 3 months for 2 years and then every 6 months for up to 3 years.
NCT00145145	Study Title: Immunization With the MAGE-3.A1 Peptide Mixed With the Adjuvant CpG 7909 in Patients With Metastatic Melanoma. Brief Summary: The purposes of this study are to determine whether immunization with the MAGE-3.A1 peptide mixed with CpG 7909 results in a detectable immune response; to determine the safety of this vaccine and to document the tumor response to the vaccine.
NCT03380871	Study Title: A Personal Cancer Vaccine (NEO-PV-01) With Pembrolizumab and Chemotherapy for Patients With Lung Cancer. Brief Summary: The purpose of this study is to find out if treatment with NEO-PV-01 in combination with pembrolizumab and chemotherapy (pembrolizumab/chemotherapy) is safe and useful for patients with lung cancer. The study also will assess if the NEO-PV-01 vaccine, when given together with pembrolizumab and chemotherapy, can improve your response compared with pembrolizumab and chemotherapy treatment alone. All eligible patients will receive NEO-PV-01 + Adjuvant, pembrolizumab and chemotherapy while on this trial.
NCT02992977	Study Title: Safety and Tolerability Study of AutoSynVax Vaccine in Subjects With Advanced Cancer. Brief Summary: Open-label Phase 1 study of AutoSynVax vaccine with QS-21 Stimulon adjuvant in subjects with advanced cancer.
NCT03382977	Study Title: Study to Evaluate Safety, Tolerability, and Optimal Dose of Candidate GBM Vaccine VBI-1901 in Recurrent GBM Subjects. Brief Summary: The purpose of this study is to assess the safety and tolerability of VBI-1901 in subjects with recurrent malignant gliomas (glioblastoma, or GBM).
NCT00499577	Study Title: Stem Cell Transplant, Chemotherapy, and Biological Therapy in Treating Patients With High-Risk or Refractory Multiple Myeloma. Brief Summary: RATIONALE: Vaccines made from peptides may help the body build an effective immune response to kill tumor cells. Drugs used in chemotherapy use different ways to stop cancer cells from dividing so they stop growing or die. Thalidomide may stop the growth of cancer cells by stopping blood flow to the cancer. A stem cell transplant using stem cells from the patient may be able to replace immune cells that were destroyed by chemotherapy used to kill cancer cells. Giving an infusion of the donor's T cells after the transplant may help destroy any remaining cancer cells. PURPOSE: This phase I/II trial is studying the side effects of stem cell transplant given together with chemotherapy and biological therapy and to see how well it works in treating patients with high-risk or refractory multiple myeloma.
NCT03166254	Study Title: Personalized Therapeutic Anti-tumor Vaccine With Pembrolizumab and Standard of Care Chemotherapy in Squamous Non-Small Cell Lung Cancer and Extensive Stage Small Cell Lung Cancer. Brief Summary: Both metastatic squamous non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) and extensive stage small cell lung cancer (SCLC) are incurable with current therapies, but due to mutations induced by cigarette smoke, typically express a large number of altered proteins that can be recognized as foreign by the immune system. This antigenicity is thought to explain the efficacy of pembrolizumab as either a first or second line treatment in this disease. For patients who receive chemotherapy plus immunotherapy as a first line therapy, there is sound rationale for combination treatment with immunotherapy and a therapeutic antitumor vaccine as a maintenance strategy. Regardless of PD-L1 expression in the tumor, monoclonal antibodies that block PD-1/PD-L1 interactions are effective second line therapies after chemotherapy in both NSCLC and SCLC. In addition, by targeting the immune system against tumor specific antigens using a peptide vaccine, the efficacy of pembrolizumab alone is expected to be enhanced, with an improved response rate and prolonged overall survival with no additional toxicity. This pilot study will provide a preliminary test of the feasibility of generating a personalized, tumor neoantigen-specific therapeutic vaccine and the safety of combining it with checkpoint blockade immunotherapy.
NCT03395587	Study Title: Efficiency of Vaccination With Lysate-loaded Dendritic Cells in Patients With Newly Diagnosed Glioblastoma. Brief Summary: The primary objective of the study is to determine whether overall survival of newly diagnosed glioblastoma patients treated with lysate-loaded, mature dendritic cell vaccines as add-on to the standard of care consisting of resection, radiotherapy with concomitant temozolomide chemotherapy and subsequent adjuvant temozolomide chemotherapy is superior to the treatment with the standard of care alone.
NCT02947854	Study Title: Study to Assess Safety, Tolerability and Immune Response of Fimaporfin-induced Photochemical Internalisation of Antigen/Adjuvant. Brief Summary: Fimaporfin (TPCS2a) is a photosensitiser drug being developed by PCI Biotech AS for use in novel Photochemical Internalisation (PCI) technology. PCI technology is designed to enhance the effects of other drugs in a site-specific, light-directed manner and is used to re-localise endocytosed molecules from endosomes to cytosol. This research study is evaluating the use of the PCI Technology in combination with adjuvant and vaccine antigens for safety and induction of immune responses.
NCT06414733	Study Title: Vaccine Therapy in Treating Patients With Metastatic Solid Tumors. Brief Summary: This phase I trial studies the side effects and best dose of vaccine therapy in treating patients with metastatic solid tumors. Vaccines made from antibodies and peptides combined with tumor cells may help the body build an effective immune response to kill tumor cells.
