NCT Number	Study Summary
NCT01313429	Study Title: Tumor Cell Vaccine for Patients Undergoing Surgery for Sarcomas, Melanomas, Germ Cell Tumors, or Malignancies That Have Metastasized to the Lungs, Pleura, or Mediastinum. Brief Summary: Background: - Certain types of cancers, including sarcoma and melanoma, have specific antigens (protein molecules) on their surfaces. Research has shown that producing an immune reaction to these antigens may be able to keep tumors from growing by encouraging the immune system to destroy the tumor cells. By creating a vaccine that contains antigens similar to those found on the cancer cells, researchers hope to cause an immune reaction that targets the cancer cells. However, more research is needed to determine the safety and effectiveness of this type of vaccine treatment. Objectives: - To determine whether a tumor cell vaccine, given to individuals who have had surgery to remove malignant tumors from the chest, can cause an immune reaction that will prevent the tumors from coming back. Eligibility: - Individuals at least 18 years of age who have been diagnosed with cancer that has spread to the lungs, pleura, or mediastinum, and have recently had surgery to remove tumors in the chest. Design: * Participants will be screened with a physical examination and medical history, as well as blood tests and imaging studies. * Participants will have the option to have leukapheresis to collect white blood cells for studies on how the body is responding to the vaccine. Participants who agree to have this procedure will have it before the start of treatment and after the sixth and eighth vaccines. * Seven days before the first vaccine, participants will receive the chemotherapy drugs celecoxib and cyclophosphamide to take twice a day at home. * Participants will receive the experimental vaccine as an injection in the thigh or arm, and may receive it in two shots depending on how many cells are in each vaccine. Participants will receive a diary to monitor medication doses and side effects, as well as additional cyclophosphamide and celecoxib to take at home as directed by the study. * Participants will have one vaccine every month for 6 months, and will have regular blood tests and imaging studies. After the sixth vaccine, participants who have successfully responded to the treatment will have two additional vaccines given 3 months apart. * After the eighth vaccine, participants will have followup visits every 3 months for 1 year and then every 6 months for up to 4 years....
NCT00091104	Study Title: Cyclophosphamide and Fludarabine Followed by Vaccine Therapy, Gene-Modified White Blood Cell Infusions, and Aldesleukin in Treating Patients With Metastatic Melanoma. Brief Summary: RATIONALE: Inserting a laboratory-treated gene into a person's white blood cells may make the body build an immune response to kill tumor cells. Giving cyclophosphamide and fludarabine before a white blood cell infusion may suppress the immune system and allow tumor cells to be killed. Vaccines may make the body build an immune response to kill tumor cells. Aldesleukin may stimulate a person's white blood cells to kill tumor cells. Combining white blood cell infusion with vaccine therapy and aldesleukin may cause a stronger immune response and kill more tumor cells. PURPOSE: This phase I trial is studying the side effects and best dose of gene-modified white blood cells when given together with cyclophosphamide, fludarabine, vaccine therapy, and aldesleukin and to see how well it works in treating patients with metastatic melanoma.
NCT00329368	Study Title: Safety and Tolerability Study of FolateImmune in Combination With Cytokines in Patients With Refractory or Metastatic Cancer. Brief Summary: This is a Phase 1b clinical trial to assess the safety and tolerability of vaccination with EC90 (KLH-FITC) and GPI-0100 (adjuvant) followed by treatment with EC17 (Folate-FITC) in combination with low-dose cytokines (IL-2 and IFN-alpha) in patients with metastatic or refractory cancer.
NCT02429440	Study Title: Adjuvant Antigen Specific Immunotherapy in Patients With Advanced Renal Cell Carcinoma Using Tumor Associated Peptides. Brief Summary: Clinical Phase I/II study to investigate the feasibility and tolerability of synthetic adjuvant peptide immunisation in combination with immune adjuvants (granulocyte macrophage colony stimulating factor; Montanide ISA-51) in patients with advanced renal cell cancer (RCC).
NCT00488592	"Study Title: Peptide Vaccinations to Treat Patients With Low-Risk Myeloid Cancers. Brief Summary: This study will test the safety and effectiveness of two vaccines on slowing disease progression, improving blood counts, reducing the need for transfusions of blood and platelets, or achieving remission in patients with myelodysplastic syndrome (MDS, also known as myelodysplasia), acute myeloid leukemia (AML) or chronic myeloid leukemia (CML). The vaccines consist of peptides (parts of proteins) found in MDS, AML and CML stem cells, combined with a substance called ""MontanideTM"". They are administered with granulocyte- macrophage colony- stimulating factor (GM-CSF). The Montanide and the GM-CSF help the immune system respond to the vaccines. People 18 years of age or older with MDS, AML or CML may be eligible for this study. Participants receive six injections of the vaccines, one dose every other week for a total of 10 weeks. The injections are given in the upper arm, upper leg, or abdomen. A separate injection of GM-CSF is given in the same area as the vaccine injections. Subjects are observed for 2 hours after the first vaccination and at least 30 minutes after each subsequent vaccination for allergic reactions. In addition to the vaccination, subjects undergo the following: * History and physical exam, chest x-ray, blood tests and bone marrow aspirate and biopsy before starting the vaccinations. * Safety monitoring during vaccine administration (every other week for 10 weeks) with blood tests and check of vital signs. * Follow-up safety monitoring (weeks 12 and 16) with blood tests every visit, chest x-ray at week 12 and bone marrow biopsy visit 16."
NCT05142189	Study Title: Clinical Trial Evaluating the Safety, Tolerability and Preliminary Efficacy of BNT116 Alone and in Combinations in Patients With Advanced Non-small Cell Lung Cancer. Brief Summary: This First-in-human (FIH) trial for BNT116 aims to establish the safety profile and a safe dose for BNT116 monotherapy as well as for BNT116 in combination with cemiplimab or docetaxel in patients with advanced or metastasized non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) and unresectable NSCLC after chemoradiotherapy (CRT). Furthermore, the trial aims to establish the safety and feasibility of BNT116 in combination with cemiplimab and chemotherapy (carboplatin+paclitaxel) as neo-adjuvant treatment in resectable NSCLC followed by surgery and adjuvant BNT116 + cemiplimab. The trial will comprise several cohorts for dose confirmation in monotherapy as well as in combinations of BNT116 as mentioned above.
NCT01556789	Study Title: Phase 1 Study of ONT-10 in Patients With Solid Tumors. Brief Summary: Open label, two part, Phase 1 dose escalation study to evaluate the safety and immunogenicity of repeat dose vaccination with ONT-10 in patients with previously treated Stage 3 or 4 solid tumors. Part 1 to evaluate escalating dose levels of ONT-10 administered subcutaneously every two weeks (Q2W) or weekly (QW) over 8 weeks. Part 2 evaluates the safety, immunogenicity, and potential anti-tumor activity of ONT-10 administered over 8 weeks at the Q2W and QW maximum tolerated does/recommended dose (MTD/RD) in cohorts of 15 patients each.
NCT01088789	Study Title: A Trial of Boost Vaccinations of Pancreatic Tumor Cell Vaccine. Brief Summary: The purpose of this study is to evaluate the safety and feasibility of long term boost vaccination of a lethally irradiated, allogenic pancreatic tumor cell vaccine transfected with the granulocyte macrophage colony-stimulating factor (GM-CSF) gene alone or given in combination with either a single intravenous dose or daily metronomic oral doses of cyclophosphamide for the treatment of patients with surgically resected adenocarcinoma of the head, neck, tail or the uncinate process of the pancreas.
NCT02187367	Study Title: Safety & Efficacy Study of EGF Cancer Vaccine to Treat Stage IV Biomarker Positive, Wild Type EGF-R NSCLC Patients. Brief Summary: The vaccine contains humanized recombinant antigen (EGF - Epithelial Growth Factor) and an adjuvant. The antibodies induced by vaccination will react with circulating EGF leading to removal of EGF from the circulation. As a result, binding to its target EGF-Receptor is prevented. Blocking of EGF-Receptor is preventing activation and stimulation of proliferation of tumour cell. A Phase 3 clinical trial on the EGF vaccine is ongoing in Cuba. The result from previous studies demonstrated positive correlation between extended survival and immune response against the vaccination in the late-stage NSCLC patients' age below 60 with improved quality of life. The purpose of this international Phase 3 trial is to determine whether the recombinant human EGF cancer vaccine is safe, immunogenic and effective in the treatment of stage IV NSCLC patients who are positive in the selective EGF biomarker and wild type EGF-Receptor compared to standard treatment and supportive care.
NCT05238467	"Study Title: Immunological Responses of COVID-19 Vaccination. Brief Summary: Cancer patients with COVID-19 have a 30% higher mortality rate compared to the general population and are considered a high-risk group by the American Association for Cancer Research that should be given ""high priority"" during COVID-19 vaccine administration. Although studies have suggested that vaccination during active treatment with chemo and/or radiation therapy provides suboptimal antibody response, the studies were underpowered and heterogeneous thus putting this conclusion into question. We need data in cancer patients on immunosuppressive chemotherapy at the time of COVID vaccination to understand how immune responses compare to healthy controls and cancer patients not on immunosuppressive therapy."
