NCT Number	Study Summary
NCT02802943	Study Title: iVAC-CLL01: Patient-individualized Peptide Vaccination After First Line Therapy of CLL. Brief Summary: The aim of this study is to induce a peptide-specific immune response in CLL patients by multi-peptide vaccination with a patient-individualized peptide cocktail.
NCT00091143	Study Title: Fludarabine Followed by Vaccine Therapy and White Blood Cell Infusions in Treating Patients With Unresectable or Metastatic Melanoma. Brief Summary: RATIONALE: Drugs used in chemotherapy, such as fludarabine, work in different ways to stop tumor cells from dividing so they stop growing or die. Vaccines made from peptides may make the body build an immune response to kill tumor cells. Infusions of a person's white blood cells may be able to replace immune cells that were destroyed by chemotherapy. Combining fludarabine with vaccine therapy and white blood cell infusions may kill more tumor cells. PURPOSE: This randomized phase I trial is studying the side effects of giving vaccine therapy together with fludarabine and white blood cell infusions and to see how well it works in treating patients with unresectable or metastatic melanoma.
NCT00006243	Study Title: Vaccine Therapy and Sargramostim in Treating Patients With Stage IV Malignant Melanoma. Brief Summary: This randomized pilot clinical trial studies vaccine therapy and sargramostim in treating patients with stage IV malignant melanoma. Vaccines made from melanoma peptides or antigens may help the body build an effective immune response to kill tumor cells. Colony-stimulating factors, such as sargramostim, increase the number of white blood cells and platelets found in bone marrow or peripheral blood. Giving vaccine therapy together with sargramostim may be an effective treatment for malignant melanoma.
NCT04674306	Study Title: Adjuvant Therapy With an Alpha-lactalbumin Vaccine in Triple-Negative Breast Cancer. Brief Summary: The purpose of this study is to determine the safety as well as the most effective dose of the alpha-lactalbumin vaccine (aLA breast cancer vaccine) to treat patients with non-metastatic triple negative breast cancer, participants who are of cancer-free but may be at risk for triple-negative breast cancer, and for participants who are receiving adjuvant pembrolizumab following initial triple negative breast cancer treatment.
NCT00019006	Study Title: Vaccine Therapy in Treating Patients With Colon, Pancreatic, or Lung Cancer. Brief Summary: RATIONALE: Vaccines made from mutated ras peptides may make the body build an immune response to and kill tumor cells. PURPOSE: Phase I trial to study the effectiveness of a vaccine containing mutated ras peptides and an immune adjuvant in treating patients who have colon, pancreatic, or lung cancer.
NCT01735006	Study Title: Efficacy and Immunogenicity Study of Recombinant Human Papillomavirus Bivalent（Type 16/18 ）Vaccine. Brief Summary: This is a Phase III clinical trial of the novel recombinant HPV 16/18 bivalent vaccine manufactured by Xiamen Innovax Biotech CO., LTD. The primary objective of this study is to demonstrate the efficacy of the vaccine against relevant outcomes in healthy women above 18 years old at enrolment. The secondary objectives are to evaluate the safety, immunogenicity and immuno-persistence of the vaccine. Meanwhile, this study tries to compare the difference of safety and immunogenicity among different lots. Approximately 6000 study subjects will be enrolled and randomly stratified into 2 groups and receive human papillomavirus (HPV) vaccine(three different lots) or commercialized hepatitis E vaccine(Hecolin) according to a 0-1-6 month schedule.
NCT02425306	Study Title: Safety Study of a Helper Peptide Vaccine Plus Adjuvant Combinations for the Treatment of Melanoma. Brief Summary: This study evaluates whether it is safe to administer a peptide vaccine in combination with different adjuvants. Adjuvants are substances that may boost immune responses vaccines. In this study, the adjuvants are Montanide ISA-51, polyICLC and cyclophosphamide. This study will also evaluate the effects of the combination of the peptide vaccine and the adjuvants on the immune system. The investigators will monitor these effects by performing tests in the laboratory on participants' blood, a lymph node, and tissue from the sites of vaccination.
NCT00008099	Study Title: Vaccine Therapy in Treating Patients With Resected or Locally Advanced Unresectable Pancreatic Cancer. Brief Summary: RATIONALE: Vaccines may help the body build an effective immune response to kill tumor cells. PURPOSE: This phase I trial is studying the side effects and best dose of vaccine therapy in treating patients with resected or locally advanced unresectable pancreatic cancer.
NCT00112242	Study Title: Immunotherapy of Stage III/IV Melanoma Patients. Brief Summary: The purpose of this study is to determine whether vaccination with melanoma antigen peptides \[Melan-A/Mart-1 (both EAA and ELA), NY-ESO-1b analog, Long NY-ESO-1 LP and MAGE-A10\] and Montanide, CpG adjuvants and low dose rIL-2 can induce an immune response in melanoma patients and to assess the safety of this vaccination.
NCT00861406	Study Title: Adjuvant Therapy of Pegylated Interferon- 2b Plus Melanoma Peptide Vaccine. Brief Summary: The goal of this clinical research study is to find the best dosing schedule of a combined treatment of PEG Intron (pegylated Interferon-alfa 2b) plus a peptide vaccine (gp100) that may help improve immune response in patients that had Stage II or Stage III melanoma and are free of the disease. The safety and tolerability of this drug combination will also be studied. Researchers also want to collect long-term follow-up information.
