NCT Number	Study Summary
NCT00084383	Study Title: Vaccine Therapy Combined With Adjuvant Chemoradiotherapy in Treating Patients With Resected Stage I or Stage II Adenocarcinoma (Cancer) of the Pancreas. Brief Summary: RATIONALE: Vaccines made from gene-modified pancreatic cancer cells may make the body build an immune response to kill tumor cells. Drugs used in chemotherapy, such as fluorouracil, work in different ways to stop tumor cells from dividing so they stop growing or die. Radiation therapy uses high-energy x-rays to damage tumor cells. Giving vaccine therapy together with chemotherapy and radiation therapy after surgery may kill any remaining tumor cells. PURPOSE: This phase II trial is studying how well giving vaccine therapy together with adjuvant chemoradiotherapy works in treating patients with resected stage I or stage II adenocarcinoma (cancer) of the pancreas.
NCT04930783	Study Title: NeoVax + CDX-301 and Nivolumab or Pembrolizumab in Melanoma. Brief Summary: This research study is studying the drugs called NeoVax (a new type of personalized neoantigen vaccine) in combination with CDX-301 and Nivolumab or Pembrolizumab as a possible treatment for melanoma. The names of the study drugs involved in this study are: * Personalized Neoantigen peptides (which combined with poly-ICLC make the vaccine NeoVax)\* Poly-ICLC (Hiltonol)\* CDX-301\* Nivolumab (Opdivo)\* Pembrolizumab (Keytruda).
NCT00000105	"Study Title: Vaccination With Tetanus and KLH to Assess Immune Responses. Brief Summary: The purpose of this study is to learn how the immune system works in response to vaccines. We will give the vaccines to subjects who have cancer but have not had treatment, and to patients who have had chemotherapy or stem cell transplant. Some patients will get vaccines while they are on treatments which boost the immune system (like the immune stimulating drug interleukin-2 or IL-2). Although we have safely treated many patients with immune boosting drugs, we do not yet know if they improve the body's immune system to respond better to a vaccine. Some healthy volunteers will also be given the vaccines in order to serve as control subjects to get a good measure of the normal immune response. We will compare the patients and the healthy volunteers to study how their immune systems respond to the vaccines. There are several different types of white cells in the blood. We are interested in immune cells in the blood called T-cells. These T-cells detect foreign substances in the body (like viruses and cancer cells). We are trying to learn more about how the body fights these foreign substances. Our goal is to develop cancer vaccines which would teach T-cells to detect and kill cancer cells better. We know that in healthy people the immune system effectively protects against recurrent virus infection. For example, that is why people only get ""mono"" (mononucleosis) once under normal circumstances. When the body is infected with the ""mono"" virus, the immune system remembers and prevents further infection. We are trying to use the immune system to prevent cancer relapse. To test this, we will give two vaccines which have been used to measure these immune responses. Blood samples will be studied from cancer patients and will be compared to similar samples from normal subjects."
NCT02166905	Study Title: DEC-205/NY-ESO-1 Fusion Protein CDX-1401, Poly ICLC, and IDO1 Inhibitor INCB024360 in Treating Patients With Ovarian, Fallopian Tube, or Primary Peritoneal Cancer in Remission. Brief Summary: This partially randomized phase I/IIb trial studies the side effects and best dose of IDO1 inhibitor INCB024360 in combination with DEC-205/NY-ESO-1 fusion protein CDX-1401 and poly ICLC and to see how well they work in treating patients with ovarian, fallopian tube, or primary peritoneal cancer who no longer have evidence of disease. Antigens (such as cancer/testis antigen \[NY-ESO-1\] protein) are found on many cancer cells. Vaccines made from NY-ESO-1 protein may cause the immune system to produce immune cells and antibodies that may help locate the NY-ESO-1 and/or cancer/testis antigen 2 (LAGE-1) antigens on cancer cells. By finding them, the immune system may then work to control or eliminate the remaining cancer cells. INCB024360 is an inhibitor of an enzyme called indoleamine 2,3 dioxygenase (IDO). This enzyme is produced by tumor cells to disable immune cells, and limit the efficacy of immune attack. Giving DEC-205/NY-ESO-1 fusion protein CDX-1401 with poly ICLC and IDO1 inhibitor INCB024360 may generate stronger and more long lasting anti-cancer immune responses in patients with ovarian, fallopian tube, and primary peritoneal cancer in remission.
NCT01152398	Study Title: A Safety and Immunology Study of a Modified Vaccinia Vaccine for HER-2(+) Breast Cancer After Adjuvant Therapy. Brief Summary: The current trial, BNIT-BR-003, will evaluate the safety and biological activity of a fixed dose of MVA-BN-HER2 following adjuvant chemotherapy in patients with HER-2-positive breast cancer. The intent of vaccination is to induce a combined antibody and T-cell anti-HER-2 immune response, which is intended to target HER-2-expressing tumor cells, and may induce tumor regression or slow progression of disease.
NCT05638698	"Study Title: Tg01 Vaccine / Qs-21 Stimulon With Or Without Balstilimab As Maintenance Therapy Following Adjuvant Chemotherapy In Patients With Resected Pancreatic Cancer. Brief Summary: Researchers want to discover if the new drug ""TG01"" will work with participants' bodies to help their immune system attack any cancer cells that might still be in the blood stream after surgery for pancreatic cancer. The researchers will also investigate whether or not ""TG01"" combined with the other study drug, ""Balstilimab"", will show even greater efficacy. TG01 and Balstilimab are both experimental treatments and are not approved by the US Food and Drug Administration (FDA) as treatment in the United States, or elsewhere, for pancreatic cancer or any other type of cancer. Balstilimab has been studied in other cancers and has shown signs of efficacy. Another drug will be used in this study called ""QS-21"". It is not intended to treat any disease but is used in this study to improve the action of the study drug TG01. QS-21 has been approved by the US Food and Drug Administration (FDA) to be mixed with a vaccine used to prevent shingles. It has not been approved to be mixed with the study drug, TG01. Participants will undergo eligibility screening, weekly visits during treatment when receiving the study drug or study drug combination, two safety follow-up visits, at about 30 and 90 days after the last dose of study treatment, and long term follow up for about 12 months after the last dose of study treatment."
NCT01376505	Study Title: Vaccine Therapy in Treating Patients With Metastatic Solid Tumors. Brief Summary: This phase I trial studies the side effects and best dose of vaccine therapy in treating patients with metastatic solid tumors. Vaccines made from antibodies and peptides combined with tumor cells may help the body build an effective immune response to kill tumor cells.
NCT03282188	Study Title: REO13 Melanoma With of Without GM-CSF. Brief Summary: Open-label, non-randomised, single centre study which will assess the presence of reovirus (Reolysin), following intravenous administration with or without Granulocyte-macrophage colony-stimulating factor (GM-CSF) given to patients prior to surgery for metastatic melanoma. All patients will receive an initial low 'immunisation' dose of intravenous reovirus. Patients will be enrolled sequentially in to each of the two cohorts receiving either reovirus alone, or reovirus plus GM-CSF. For this study we anticipate 8-16 evaluable patients, up to 8 for each group. The endpoints of this study will compare the 2 treatment groups for reovirus tumour infiltration and replication. Compare the neutralising antibody development and cell-mediated immune response and identify any adverse events and laboratory toxicities.
NCT02204098	Study Title: Safety and Immune Response to a Mammaglobin-A DNA Vaccine In Breast Cancer Patients Undergoing Neoadjuvant Endocrine Therapy. Brief Summary: The purpose of this research study is to find out about the safety of injecting the gene (DNA) for mammaglobin-A into people with breast cancer. The DNA used in this study was purified from bacteria and contains the gene for mammaglobin-A. Mammaglobin-A is a protein that is highly expressed by breast cancer cells. Injection of mammaglobin-A DNA may be a way to generate an immune response to breast cancer cells. There is evidence that an immune response may be a way to fight cancer. In addition to evaluating the safety of the mammaglobin-A injection, this study is also looking at the immune response that the participant's body has after each injection.
NCT01082198	Study Title: Melanoma Vaccine in Treating Patients With Stage III Melanoma After Surgery to Remove Lymph Nodes. Brief Summary: RATIONALE: Vaccines made from dendritic cells and tumor antigen peptides or a person's tumor cells may help the body build an effective immune response to kill tumor cells. PURPOSE: This phase I/II trial is studying the side effects and best way to give melanoma vaccine in treating patients with stage III melanoma after surgery to remove the lymph nodes.
