NCT Number	Study Summary
NCT01702792	Study Title: Derivation of Tumor Specific Hybridomas. Brief Summary: This is a non-randomized, open-label study in patients with newly diagnosed glioblastoma to determine the ability to generate human hybridomas from lymph nodes draining an autologous tumor vaccine injection and demonstrate that the hybridomas secrete glioblastoma-specific antibodies.
NCT01436968	Study Title: Phase 3 Study of ProstAtak Immunotherapy With Standard Radiation Therapy for Localized Prostate Cancer. Brief Summary: The purpose of this study is to evaluate the effectiveness of ProstAtak immunotherapy in combination with radiation therapy for patients with intermediate-high risk localized prostate cancer. ProstAtak kills tumor cells and stimulates a cancer vaccine effect. Killing tumor cells in an immune stimulatory environment induces the body's immune system to detect and destroy cancer cells. ProstAtak has shown synergy with radiation without added toxicity and lower than expected recurrence rates in previous clinical trials. The hypothesis is that ProstAtak can lead to improvement in the clinical outcome for patients with prostate cancer. Participants will be randomized to the ProstAtak or control arm at a 2:1 ratio. Both arms receive standard external beam radiation therapy. Short-term androgen deprivation therapy may be given but is not required.
NCT00003568	Study Title: Vaccine Therapy With High-Dose Interleukin-2 in Treating Patients With Metastatic Melanoma. Brief Summary: RATIONALE: Vaccines may make the body build an immune response that will kill tumor cells. Interleukin-2 may stimulate a person's white blood cells to kill melanoma cells. PURPOSE: Randomized phase II trial to study the effectiveness of vaccine therapy with interleukin-2 in treating patients with metastatic melanoma.
NCT06305910	Study Title: CD200AR-L and Allogeneic Tumor Lysate Vaccine Immunotherapy for Recurrent HGG and Newly Diagnosed DMG/DIPG in Children and Young Adults. Brief Summary: This is a single center Phase I study of a new adjuvant CD200 activation receptor ligand, CD200AR-L, in combination with imiquimod and GBM6-AD vaccine to treat malignant glioma in children and young adults. The primary objective of this study is to determine the maximum tolerated dose (MTD) of CD200AR-L when given with a fixed dose of GBM6-AD vaccine, imiquimod, and a single dose of radiation for patients with recurrent High Grade Glioma (HGG) or following standard of care therapy radiation therapy for newly diagnosed Newly Diagnosed Diffuse Midline Glioma/Diffuse Intrinsic Pontine Glioma (DIPG/DMG).
NCT06094101	Study Title: Personalized Vaccination in Fusion+ Sarcoma Patients (PerVision). Brief Summary: The PerVision trial utilizes an approach of a patient-individual cancer vaccine with sarcoma-specific peptides in metastasized fusion-driven sarcoma patients determined by next generation whole exome sequencing of tumor and normal tissue as well as RNA sequencing of the tumor. This approach is applicable to all patients independent of the expression of distinct tumor associated antigens, and independent of their human leukocyte antigen-typing (HLA-typing). The results of this study can directly be translated to other tumor entities. It is an interventional, multicenter, open-label, phase I/II feasibility and early proof of concept study evaluating a personalized peptide vaccine. Primary objective is to evaluate safety and success of treatment, the latter be defined as vaccination-induced T-cell response without unacceptable toxicity.
NCT02364492	Study Title: A Phase I Study of a Therapeutic Vaccine Candidate in Patients With Localized Breast Cancer at High-Risk of Relapse. Brief Summary: The purpose of this study is to evaluate if a maximum tolerated dose (MTD) can be obtained following 2 administrations of the MAG-Tn3 + AS15 cancer vaccine when administered at doses of 30 µg, 100 µg or 300 µg IM every three weeks.
NCT01094496	"Study Title: A Study of the CDX-1307 Vaccine Regimen in Patients With Newly Diagnosed Muscle-Invasive Bladder Cancer (The ""N-ABLE"" Study). Brief Summary: The major purpose of this study is to examine the anti-tumor activity of the CDX-1307 vaccine regimen when it is given before and after bladder cancer surgery. The study will also provide information about the safety of the vaccine regimen when given in combination with chemotherapy, and how it affects the immune systems."
NCT03946358	"Study Title: Combination of UCPVax Vaccine and Atezolizumab for the Treatment of Human Papillomavirus Positive Cancers (VolATIL). Brief Summary: 70% all cases of cervical cancer, 95% of anal cancers and about 70% of oropharyngeal cancers are linked to Human Papillomavirus (HPV) infection. HPV oncogenic proteins are trans-activators of telomerase. Indeed, E6 oncoprotein transactivates the human telomerase (hTert). Our group has conducted a clinical trial (NCT02402842) in advanced squamous cell anal cancer (SCCA) and investigators have shown a correlation between the presence of anti-HPV immunity and anti-telomerase T helpher 1 (TH1) CD4 T cell responses, establishing telomerase as an appropriate antigen in HPV-related cancers. Tumor-reactive CD4+ T cells have been found to ensure efficient effector Cytotoxic T Lymphocytes (CTL) recruitment at the tumor site. Promoting tumor specific TH1 CD4 activation might be an attractive therapeutic option to enhance anti-PD-1/PD-L1 (Programmed cell Death-1/Programmed cell Death-Ligand1) efficacy. However, no option is currently available to expand tumor specific TH1 lymphocytes in most patients. Then, investigators have identified four novel MHC (Major Histocompatibility Complex) class II-restricted peptides derived from human telomerase reverse transcriptase (TERT) referred as ""Universal Cancer Peptides"" (UCP). UCPVax is a therapeutic cancer vaccine developed by our team and composed of two separate peptides called UCP2 and UCP4 derived from telomerase. This UCPVax vaccine is currently evaluated in a multicenter phase I/II study in Non Small Lung Cancer (NSCLC) (NCT2818426) and seems to show to be safe and immunogenic. PD-1/PD-L1 immune checkpoint is a relevant candidate target for immunotherapy in HPV+ cancers, based on the prominent role of PD-1 and its ligand PD-L1 in HPV-driven immune-evasion. There is a strong rational of using PD-1 therapy in HPV+ cancers, however anti-PD-1/PD-L1 treatment induces a limited number of long term responses in HPV disease. Combining anti-PD-1/PD-L1 therapy with an antitumor vaccine gains serious consideration in HPV+ cancers. Indeed, anti-cancer vaccines can induce tumor-specific T cells expansion and activation and therefore restore the cancer-immunity cycle in patients lacking pre-existing anti-tumor responses. So investigators propose to determine the clinical interest and immunological efficacy of a treatment combining the CD4 helper T-inducer cancer vaccine (UCPVax) with atezolizumab in patients with HPV+ cancers by evaluation of the objective response rate at 4 months according to iRecist criteria."
NCT05238558	Study Title: Safety and Immune Response to FMPV-1. Brief Summary: This is a single centre, open-label, non-randomized, Phase I study assessing safety and immune response of FMPV-1 in healthy male subjects.
NCT00935558	Study Title: Dendritic Cell Based Therapy for Breast Cancer Patients. Brief Summary: The primary aim of this study is to investigate time to progression in breast cancer patients vaccinated with autologous dendritic cells pulsed with peptides in combination with adjuvant aromatase inhibitor (AI), Thymosin 1 alpha and interleukin-2. The secondary aim is to investigate whether a measurable immune response can be induced, and to evaluate the clinical effect (objective response rate) of the vaccination regime.
