NCT Number	Study Summary
NCT06353646	Study Title: XH001 Combination With Ipilimumab and Chemotherapy for Patients With Resected Pancreatic Cancer. Brief Summary: This is a single-center, open label, single-arm, investigator-initiated study to evaluate the efficacy and safety of XH001 (neoantigen cancer vaccine) sequential combination with ipilimumab and chemotherapy in pancreatic cancer patients following surgical resection.
NCT00300950	Study Title: Safety and Efficacy of the Therapeutic Vaccine GI-4000 in Combination With Gemcitabine Versus Placebo for the Treatment of Non-metastatic, Post-resection Pancreas Cancer. Brief Summary: The GI-4000 therapeutic vaccine or placebo will be injected under the skin of post-resection, non-metastatic pancreas cancer patients. Patients will be monitored for recurrence as well as safety, and immune responses related to the injections.
NCT04810910	"Study Title: Personalized Neoantigen Vaccine in Pancreatic Cancer Patients Following Surgical Resection and Adjuvant Chemotherapy. Brief Summary: This research study is evaluating a new type of pancreatic cancer vaccine called ""Personalized Neoantigen Cancer Vaccine"" as a possible treatment for pancreatic cancer patients following surgical resection and adjuvant chemotherapy. The purpose of the clinical study is evaluating the safety, tolerability and partial efficacy of the personalized neoantigen cancer vaccine in the treatment of resectable pancreatic cancer, so as to provide a new personalized therapeutic strategy. It is known that cancer patients have mutations (changes in genetic material) that are specific to an individual patient and tumor. These mutations can cause the tumor cells to produce proteins that appear very different from the body's own cells. It is possible that these proteins used in a vaccine may induce strong immune responses, which may help the participant's body fight any tumor cells that could cause the cancer to come back in the future. The study will examine the safety of the vaccine when given at several different time points and will examine the participant's blood cells for signs that the vaccine induced an immune response."
NCT03897881	Study Title: An Efficacy Study of Adjuvant Treatment With the Personalized Cancer Vaccine mRNA-4157 and Pembrolizumab in Participants With High-Risk Melanoma (KEYNOTE-942). Brief Summary: The purpose of this study is to assess whether postoperative adjuvant therapy with mRNA-4157 and pembrolizumab improves recurrence free survival (RFS) compared to pembrolizumab alone in participants with complete resection of cutaneous melanoma and a high risk of recurrence.
NCT02924038	Study Title: A Study of Varlilumab and IMA950 Vaccine Plus Poly-ICLC in Patients With WHO Grade II Low-Grade Glioma (LGG). Brief Summary: This is a pilot, randomized, two arm neoadjuvant vaccine study in human leukocyte antigen-A2 positive (HLA-A2+) adults with World Health Organization (WHO) grade II glioma, for which surgical resection of the tumor is clinically indicated. Co-primary objectives are to determine: 1) the safety of the novel combination of subcutaneously administered IMA950 peptides and poly-ICLC (Hiltonol) and i.v. administered CDX-1127 (Varlilumab) in the neoadjuvant approach; and 2) whether addition of i.v. CDX-1127 (Varlilumab) increases the response rate and magnitude of CD4+ and CD8+ T-cell responses against the IMA950 peptides in post-vaccine peripheral blood mononuclear cell (PBMC) samples obtained from participating patients.
NCT00651703	Study Title: Safety and Immunogenicity of CYT004-MelQbG10 Vaccine With and Without Adjuvant in Advanced Stage Melanoma Patients. Brief Summary: The purpose of this study is to evaluate a specific cellular immune response in melanoma patients that have been vaccinated with a Melan-A VLP vaccine alone or in combination with different adjuvants.
NCT00290355	Study Title: Study to Test the Efficacy of the Vaccine GSK 249553 in Treating Non-small-cell Lung Cancer After Tumour Removal by Surgery. Brief Summary: Patients will receive injections of GSK 249553 vaccine . Appropriate tests will be performed to assess the safety of the treatment and its ability to induce an immune response.
NCT02261714	Study Title: Antigen-specific Cancer Immunotherapy (TG01) and Gemcitabine as Adjuvant Therapy in Resected Pancreatic Cancer. Brief Summary: The purpose of this study is to investigate the effect of TG01 and Granulocyte macrophage colony stimulating factor (GM-CSF) when given in addition to gemcitabine (chemotherapy) and \* Understand any possible side effects of the additional use of TG01/GM-CSF with gemcitabine\* Investigate whether TG01/GM-CSF when given with gemcitabine can produce an immune response\* Investigate if the treatment can delay or reduce recurrence of the disease.
NCT03761914	Study Title: Galinpepimut-S in Combination With Pembrolizumab in Patients With Selected Advanced Cancers. Brief Summary: To evaluate the safety and tolerability of galinpepimut-S in combination with pembrolizumab in patients with selected advanced cancers. Patients will be followed long-term for Overall Survival (OS) and safety. The study will enroll approximately 90 patients and maximum study treatment duration is approximately 2.13 years.
NCT00003023	Study Title: Monoclonal Antibody A1G4 Plus BCG in Treating Patients With Cancer. Brief Summary: RATIONALE: Monoclonal antibodies can locate tumor cells and either kill them or deliver tumor-killing substances to them without harming normal cells. Combining monoclonal antibody A1G4 with BCG may kill more tumor cells. PURPOSE: Phase I trial to study the effectiveness of monoclonal antibody A1G4 plus BCG in treating patients with cancer.
