NCT Number	Study Summary
NCT05014607	Study Title: Personalized Multi-peptide Vaccination in Combination With the TLR1/2 Ligand XS15 in Cancer Patients. Brief Summary: The aim of this project is to provide personalized multi-peptide vaccination in combination with the TLR1/2 ligand XS15 to individual patients with advanced solid and hematological malignancies without any approved treatment options.
NCT04432207	Study Title: A Study of IMU-201 (PD1-Vaxx), a B-Cell Immunotherapy, in Adults With Non-Small Cell Lung Cancer. Brief Summary: An Open Label, Multi-Center, Dose Escalation/Expansion, Phase 1/1b Study of IMU 201 (PD1-Vaxx), a B-Cell Immunotherapy as monotherapy or in combination with atezolizumab with or without chemotherapy, in Adults with Non-Small Cell Lung Cancer (IMPrinter).
NCT03956056	Study Title: Neoantigen Peptide Vaccine Strategy in Pancreatic Cancer Patients Following Surgical Resection and Adjuvant Chemotherapy. Brief Summary: This is a phase 1 open-label study to evaluate the safety and immunogenicity of a neoantigen peptide vaccine strategy in pancreatic cancer patients following surgical resection and adjuvant chemotherapy. The neoantigen peptide vaccines will incorporate prioritized neoantigens and personalized mesothelin epitopes and will be co-administered with poly-ICLC. The hypothesis of this study is that neoantigen peptide vaccines will be safe and capable of generating measurable neoantigen-specific CD4 and CD8 T cell responses.
NCT00986609	Study Title: MUC1 Vaccine for Triple-negative Breast Cancer. Brief Summary: RATIONALE: Vaccines made from peptides may help the body build an effective immune response to kill tumor cells. Giving booster vaccinations may make a stronger immune response and prevent or delay the recurrence of cancer. PURPOSE: To evaluate the efficacy of poly-ICLC + MUCI peptide vaccine in boosting the immunologic response to MUCI in patients with triple-negative BC.
NCT06344156	Study Title: Neoantigen Vaccine Plus Anti-PD1 and Chemotherapy as an Adjuvant Therapy for Pancreatic Cancer. Brief Summary: The aim of this single center, single arm and prospective study is to explore the safety and efficacy of Neoantigen Vaccine Plus Anti-PD1 and Chemotherapy in postoperative adjuvant treatment of Pancreatic Cancer.
NCT04051307	Study Title: Dual Vaccine Trial in Myeloproliferative Neoplasms. Brief Summary: A phase I-II study in patients with mutated MPN by vaccinating with PD-L1 and Aginase1 peptides with Montanide ISA-51 as adjuvant, to monitor the immunological response to vaccination and subsequently safety, toxicity and clinical effect.
NCT00006478	Study Title: Vaccine Therapy Following Chemotherapy & Peripheral Stem Cell Transplantation in Treating Non-Hodgkin's Lymphoma. Brief Summary: RATIONALE: Vaccines made from a person's cancer cells may make the body build an immune response to kill cancer cells. Vaccine therapy may be an effective treatment for non-Hodgkin's lymphoma. PURPOSE: Phase II trial to study the effectiveness of vaccine therapy following chemotherapy and peripheral stem cell transplantation in treating patients who have non-Hodgkin's lymphoma.
NCT01265433	Study Title: WT-1 Analog Peptide Vaccine in Malignant Pleural Mesothelioma After Combined Modality Therapy. Brief Summary: Study of a Wilms Tumor-1 (WT1) vaccine to see if it delays or prevents the mesothelioma from growing back after surgery. WT1 is a protein in cancer cells that regulates gene expression and causes cell growth.
NCT00031733	Study Title: Vaccine Therapy and Interleukin-12 With Either Alum or Sargramostim After Surgery in Treating Patients With Melanoma. Brief Summary: RATIONALE: Vaccines made from peptides may make the body build an immune response. Combining vaccine therapy with interleukin-12 and either alum or sargramostim may kill more tumor cells. PURPOSE: Randomized phase II trial to compare the effectiveness of combining vaccine therapy with interleukin-12 and either alum or sargramostim in treating patients who have undergone surgery for stage II, stage III, or stage IV melanoma.
NCT00019487	Study Title: Vaccine Therapy With or Without Interleukin-2 in Treating Patients With Metastatic Melanoma. Brief Summary: RATIONALE: Vaccines made from a person's white blood cells may make the body build an immune response and kill tumor cells. PURPOSE: Phase II trial to study the effectiveness of vaccine therapy in treating patients who have metastatic melanoma that has not responded to previous therapy.
