NCT Number	Study Summary
NCT02287428	"Study Title: Personalized NeoAntigen Cancer Vaccine w RT Plus Pembrolizumab for Patients With Newly Diagnosed GBM. Brief Summary: This research study is studying a new type of vaccine as a possible treatment for patients with glioblastoma. This research study is a Phase I clinical trial, which tests the safety of an investigational intervention and also tries to define the appropriate dose of the intervention to use for further studies. ""Investigational"" means that the intervention is being studied and that research doctors are trying to find more about it. It also means that the FDA (U.S. Food and Drug Administration) has not approved the Personalized NeoAntigen Cancer Vaccine for any use in patients, including people with glioblastoma. The purpose of the initial study cohort (Cohort 1) is to determine if it is possible to make and administer safely a vaccine against glioblastoma by using information gained from specific characteristics of the participants tumor. It is known that glioblastomas have mutations (changes in genetic material) that are specific to an individual patient's tumor. These mutations can cause the tumor cells to produce proteins that appear very different from the body's own cells. It is possible that these proteins used in a vaccine may induce strong immune responses, which may help the body fight any tumor cells that could cause the glioblastoma to come back in the future. Three additional cohorts (1a, 1b, \& 1c) were added to the study following completion of accrual to the original study cohort (cohort 1). Each new cohort receives NeoVax and radiation therapy as administered to cohort 1 and will also receive pembrolizumab: cohort 1a patients will start pembrolizumab w/in 2 weeks after start of RT, and continue every 3 weeks for up to 2 years; cohort 1b patients will start pembrolizumab 2-4 weeks after completion of NeoVax priming, and continue every 3 weeks for up to 2 years; cohort 1c patients will receive a single dose of pembrolizumab administered within 2 weeks after start of RT, re-start 2-4 weeks after completion of NeoVax priming, and continue every 3 weeks for up to 2 years. The rationale for adding these new cohorts is: 1) to assess the safety and feasibility of NeoVax when administered with pembrolizumab; and 2) to determine if the timing of anti-PD-1 administration impacts the immunogenicity of NeoVax. An additional sub-study cohort (1d) is being added for patients whose tumor is MGMT-methylated. Cohort 1d will enroll patients with tumors for which the MGMT status is methylated or partially methylated; patients on cohort 1d will receive standard daily temozolomide during radiation and as adjuvant therapy for up to six cycles following completion of radiation therapy. The rationale for adding cohort 1d is to determine the safety and feasibility of NeoVax when administered with pembrolizumab and temozolomide."
NCT00017537	Study Title: Vaccine Therapy in Treating Patients With Metastatic or Recurrent Cancer. Brief Summary: RATIONALE: Vaccines may make the body build an immune response to kill tumor cells. PURPOSE: Phase I trial to study the effectiveness of vaccine therapy in treating patients who have metastatic or recurrent cancer.
NCT00006352	Study Title: Monoclonal Antibody Therapy Plus BCG in Treating Patients With Limited-Stage Small Cell Lung Cancer. Brief Summary: RATIONALE: Monoclonal antibodies can locate tumor cells and either kill them or deliver tumor-killing substances to them without harming normal cells. BCG may activate the immune system to kill tumor cells. Combining monoclonal antibody therapy with BCG may kill more tumor cells. It is not yet known if monoclonal antibody therapy plus BCG is an effective treatment for limited-stage small cell lung cancer. PURPOSE: Randomized phase III trial to determine the effectiveness of monoclonal antibody therapy plus BCG in treating patients who have limited-stage small cell lung cancer.
NCT00005632	Study Title: Vaccine Therapy Plus QS21 in Treating Patients With Prostate Cancer. Brief Summary: RATIONALE: Vaccines may make the body build an immune response to kill tumor cells. Combining a vaccine with QS21 may kill more tumor cells. PURPOSE: Phase I trial to study the effectiveness of vaccine therapy plus immune adjuvant QS21 in treating patients who have prostate cancer.
NCT00077532	Study Title: Monoclonal Antibody With or Without gp100 Peptides Plus Montanide ISA-51 in Treating Patients With Stage IV Melanoma. Brief Summary: RATIONALE: Biological therapies, such as MDX-010, work in different ways to stimulate the immune system and stop tumor cells from growing. Vaccines made from gp100 peptides may make the body build an immune response to kill tumor cells. Combining the vaccines with Montanide ISA-51 may cause a stronger immune response and kill more tumor cells. It is not yet known whether monoclonal antibody therapy is more effective with or without vaccine therapy in treating advanced melanoma. PURPOSE: This randomized phase II trial is studying monoclonal antibody therapy alone to see how well it works compared to monoclonal antibody therapy, gp100 peptides, and Montanide ISA-51 in treating patients with stage IV melanoma.
NCT03391232	Study Title: PolyPEPI1018 Vaccine and CDx for the Treatment of Metastatic Colorectal Cancer (OBERTO). Brief Summary: Phase I/II clinical trial investigates the safety, tolerability, immunogenicity and preliminary efficacy of multiple doses of PolyPEPI1018 CRC vaccine as an add-on treatment to the standard-of-care maintenance therapy in patients with metastatic colorectal cancer. Clinical responses will be evaluated by indiction of T cell responses, T lymphocyte infiltration in accessible biopsy sites, and by objective tumor responses. This study will also explore the accuracy of the predicted T cell responses in each patient using the candidate companion diagnostic test and the correlations between clinical responses and predicted T cell responses.
NCT01355393	Study Title: Vaccine Therapy in Combination With Rintatolimod and/or Sargramostim in Treating Patients With Stage II-IV HER2-Positive Breast Cancer. Brief Summary: This randomized phase I/II trial studies the side effects and best dose of rintatolimod when given together with vaccine therapy and sargramostim (GM-CSF) to see how well it works in treating patients with stage II-IV human epidermal growth factor receptor 2 (HER2)-positive breast cancer. Vaccines made from synthetic HER2/neu peptides may help the body build an effective immune response to kill tumor cells that express HER-2/neu. Adjuvant therapies, such as GM-CSF and rintatolimod, are additional cancer treatments given after the primary treatment to lower the risk that the cancer will come back and are one way to help vaccines produce stronger immune responses. Giving vaccine therapy together with rintatolimod and/or GM-CSF may be a safe and effective treatment for breast cancer.
NCT06218511	Study Title: A Phase I Trial of IMA970A Plus Montanide in Combination With Durvalumab (Anti-PD-L1). Brief Summary: The trial is designed as a single-arm, open-label, phase I study investigating an off-the-shelf, multi-peptide-base HCC vaccine plus Montanide, combined with Durvalumab in patients with very early, early and intermediate stage of HCC. The investigational agents will be applied without concomitant anti-tumour therapy with the intention to reduce risk of recurrence/progression in patients who have received all indicated standard treatments.
NCT00109811	Study Title: Vaccine Therapy in Treating Patients With Recurrent Prostate Cancer. Brief Summary: This phase II trial is studying how well vaccine therapy works in treating patients with recurrent prostate cancer. Vaccines made from peptides may help the body build an effective immune response to kill tumor cells.
NCT01853878	Study Title: A Study to Demonstrate the Benefit of a New Kind of Anti-cancer Treatment [PReferentially Expressed Antigen of MElanoma (PRAME) Immunotherapy] for Patients With Non-Small Cell Lung Cancer (NSCLC), After Removal of Their Tumor. Brief Summary: The purpose of this study was to test a potential new kind of anti-cancer treatment, called PRAME immunotherapy in resected patients with lung cancer. Based on scientific and medical relevance, the clinical study was ended on 24 August 2016. The participants were no longer enrolled in the study, the follow ups on subjects were stopped and the collection and analysis of samples for further research purposes was stopped. After the stop to recruitment, the study was unblinded, as per the amended protocol, the study treatment was continued and completed with the subjects of the active treatment group who were willing to continue. Subjects in the placebo group were withdrawn. There was no longer an active follow-up of patients after discontinuation or completion of the treatment. The study ended 30 days after the last dose was administered. As a result, primary and secondary objectives were not assessed as planned. All clinical and safety data collected in the study were analysed descriptively. For each biological sample already collected in the scope of this study and not tested yet, testing was not performed by default, except if a scientific rationale remained relevant despite the premature termination of the study.
