NCT Number	Study Summary
NCT00001439	Study Title: A Phase I Study of gp100 Human Melanoma Peptide Vaccine With Incomplete Freund's Adjuvant. Brief Summary: This is a phase I study of melanoma tumor antigen peptide vaccines. The nine amino acid peptides representing HLA-A2 restricted T cell epitope of the melanoma antigen, gp100 will be administered to patients emulsified in Incomplete Freund's Adjuvant, (IFA). The study is designed to evaluate the toxicity, immunologic effects and potential therapeutic role of repeated doses of gp100 peptide vaccines administered subcutaneously. Immune reactivity to the gp100 epitope peptides will be monitored in all patients by analysis of melanoma-specific T cell precursor frequency prior to and after immunization.
NCT04114825	Study Title: Study of RV001V in Biochemical Failure Following Curatively Intended Therapy For Localized Prostate Cancer. Brief Summary: This Phase II trial will enroll approximately 180 adult male patients with an earlier histologic diagnosis of prostatic adenocarcinoma and a biochemical recurrence (BCR) within 3 years of radical prostatectomy (RP) or definitive RT and no distant metastasis or locoregional recurrence. The trial is a randomized placebo-controlled double-blind study of a peptide cancer vaccine (RV001V).
NCT01810016	Study Title: NY-ESO-1 Vaccine in Combination With Ipilimumab in Patients With Unresectable or Metastatic Melanoma. Brief Summary: This was a Phase 1, open-label, non-randomized study of the combination of NY-ESO-1 plus ipilimumab in patients with unresectable or metastatic melanoma for whom treatment with ipilimumab was indicated. Patients must have had evidence of NY-ESO-1 or LAGE-1 tumor positivity and radiologically measurable disease by the immune-related Response Criteria (irRC). Primary study objectives were to determine the safety and tolerability of the combination and to evaluate humoral and cellular immune response. Secondary objectives were to evaluate tumor response and immunological changes in the tumor microenvironment.
NCT01341496	Study Title: Tumor Cell Vaccines and ISCOMATRIX With Chemotherapy After Tumor Removal. Brief Summary: Background: - A tumor cell vaccine is an experimental cancer treatment. Cancer cells are collected from a patient and then used to develop a vaccine. The vaccine will produce an immune system response to help destroy other cancer cells in the body. Researchers are studying ways to improve these tumor cell vaccines. One way is to add an adjuvant. An adjuvant is a substance that brings about a stronger immune system response. ISCOMATRIX is an adjuvant that has been used safely in other clinical studies. But it has not been studied with certain tumor cell vaccines. Researchers want to find out whether a tumor cell vaccine with ISCOMATRIX, given along with cancer drug treatment, is a safe and effective way to slow or prevent tumor growth after tumor removal surgery. Objectives: - To assess the safety and effectiveness of tumor cell vaccines given with ISCOMATRIX and drug therapy after tumor removal surgery. Eligibility: - People at least 18 years of age who have had tumor cell vaccines developed from cells taken from surgically removed tumors. Design: * Patients will be screened with a physical examination, medical history, blood and urine tests, and imaging studies. * Patients will be treated with cyclophosphamide (once daily) and celecoxib (twice daily) for 7 days before the first vaccine dose. * Patients will receive the tumor cell vaccine once a month for 6 months. They will continue to receive drug therapy throughout the vaccine treatment. Patients will be monitored with regular blood tests and imaging studies. * After the first 6 months, patients who have an immune response to the vaccine will continue treatment with the vaccine and chemotherapy. They will also have regular blood tests and imaging studies. They will have this treatment for up to 24 months from the first vaccination or until they no longer have an immune response. * Participants will have followup visits for up to 5 years after the first vaccination, or until the tumor returns.
NCT00020358	Study Title: Vaccine Therapy in Treating Patients With Melanoma. Brief Summary: RATIONALE: Vaccines may make the body build an immune response to kill tumor cells. Vaccine therapy may be an effective treatment for melanoma. PURPOSE: Randomized phase II trial to study the effectiveness of three vaccine therapy regimens in treating patients who have melanoma.
NCT02526316	Study Title: Cisplatin-based Chemotherapy Combined With P16_37-63 Peptide Vaccination in Patients With HPV-positive Cancers. Brief Summary: The study will include 10 patients with HPV-associated ano-genital cancer (cervical, vulvar, vaginal, penile, anal) or HPV-associated head and neck cancer, who are planned to receive a cisplatin-based chemotherapy (alternatively a carboplatin-based chemotherapy may be selected by investigators choice). Patients will receive P16_37-63 peptide (100 µg) combined with Montanide ISA-51 VG subcutaneously once a week for four weeks, followed by a 4 week rest period (1 cycle). The vaccination is to be started one week before the initiation or continuation of the cisplatin-based chemotherapy. Concurrent radiation is allowed and should be documented. The vaccination schedule will be repeated up to a total of 3 cycles (= 6 months) or until progression or intolerable toxicity. If chemotherapy is withheld (e.g. for toxicity), vaccination treatment can be continued.
NCT00365716	Study Title: Dose-Ranging Study of Quadrivalent Human Papillomavirus (HPV) (Types 6,11,16,18) L1 Virus-Like Particle (VLP) Vaccine (V501-007)(COMPLETED). Brief Summary: This study was conducted in 2 parts. Part A was a randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled, multicenter, sequential dose-escalating evaluation. Part B was a randomized, double-blind (operating under in-house blinding procedures), placebo-controlled, multicenter, dose-ranging study.
NCT00698711	Study Title: Vaccination of Prostate Cancer Patients With MUC-2-KLH Conjugate Plus the Immunological Adjuvant QS21. Brief Summary: The purpose of this research is to help us study a vaccine treatment for patients with prostate cancer. A vaccine is a medicine that teaches the body to destroy harmful infections and other foreign substances. The immune system is made up of many different types of cells, which fight infection and disease in your body. A vaccine may stimulate the immune system to destroy the cancer cells. It may also help to slow the growth of the cancer. The vaccine is a solution given as an injection given into or under the skin. It is made up of several parts. The first part is MUC-2, a protein present in many cancers, especially prostate cancer. MUC-2 is attached to a material called KLH or keyhole limpet hemocyanin. KLH is purified from a snail- like marine mollusk called a keyhole limpet and has been used for many years to boost immune responses in animals and in people. Attaching MUC-2 to KLH helps the immune system react to MUC-2. The mixture of MUC-2 attached to KLH is in turn mixed with a material called QS21, from the bark of a tree, which also helps the immune system to make more cancer- fighting cells. A vaccine like the one you will receive has been given to laboratory animals and been shown to produce an immune response in these animals.
NCT02366728	Study Title: DC Migration Study for Newly-Diagnosed GBM. Brief Summary: This randomized phase II study will assess the impact of pre-conditioning on migration and survival among newly diagnosed glioblastoma (GBM) patients who have undergone definitive resection and completed standard temozolomide (TMZ) and radiation treatment, as well as the impact of tetanus pre-conditioning and basiliximab together on survival. After completing standard of care radiotherapy with concurrent TMZ, patients will be randomized to 1 of 3 treatment arms: 1). receive cytomegalovirus (CMV)-specific dendritic cell (DC) vaccines with unpulsed (not loaded) DC pre-conditioning prior to the 4th vaccine; 2). receive CMV-specific DC vaccines with Tetanus-Diphtheria Toxoid (Td) pre-conditioning prior to the 4th vaccine; 3). receive basiliximab infusions prior to the 1st and 2nd DC vaccines along with Td pre-conditioning prior to the 4th vaccine. A permuted block randomization algorithm using a 1:1:1 allocation ratio will be used to assign patients to a treatment arm. Randomization will be stratified by CMV status (positive, negative), with the assignment to arms I and II being double-blinded. Effective March 2017, randomization to Group III has been terminated.
NCT00148928	Study Title: Safety & Activity of P501-AS15 Vaccine as a First-line Treatment for Patients With Hormone-sensitive Prostate Cancer Who Show Rising PSA. Brief Summary: Patients with hormone-sensitive prostate cancer and rising PSA, after primary tumor treatment, will be treated with the P501-AS15 vaccine as out-patients. The maximum dose will be 16 vaccinations, given over a period of approximately one year. Thereafter, the patients' long-term safety and PSA status will be followed over a period of approximately 11 months.
