NCT Number	Study Summary
NCT00003002	Study Title: HER-2/Neu Vaccine Plus GM-CSF in Treating Patients With Stage III or Stage IV Breast, Ovarian, or Non-small Cell Lung Cancer. Brief Summary: RATIONALE: Vaccines made from the HER2/neu antigen may make the body build an immune response and kill tumor cells. Colony-stimulating factors such as GM-CSF increase the number of immune cells found in bone marrow or peripheral blood. PURPOSE: Phase I trial to study the effectiveness of HER-2/neu vaccine plus GM-CSF in treating patients who have stage III or stage IV breast cancer, stage III or stage IV ovarian cancer, or stage III or stage IV non-small cell lung cancer.
NCT02126579	Study Title: Phase I/II Trial of a Long Peptide Vaccine (LPV7) Plus TLR Agonists. Brief Summary: The purpose of this study is to learn what effects (good and bad) an experimental vaccine (LPV7) plus tetanus peptide and other substances called polyICLC, resiquimod, and Montanide ISA-51 have on you and your melanoma. We will also look at whether the experimental vaccine and these drugs cause any changes in your immune system.
NCT00004184	Study Title: Monoclonal Antibody Therapy in Treating Patients With Stage III or Stage IV Melanoma. Brief Summary: RATIONALE: Monoclonal antibodies can locate tumor cells and either kill them or deliver tumor-killing substances to them without harming normal cells. PURPOSE: Phase I/II trial to study the effectiveness of monoclonal antibody therapy in treating patients who have stage III or stage IV melanoma at high risk for recurrence following surgery to remove the tumor.
NCT00849121	Study Title: Two-Arm Study of a DNA Vaccine Encoding Prostatic Acid Phosphatase (PAP) in Patients With Non-Metastatic Castrate-Resistant Prostate Cancer. Brief Summary: The investigators are trying to find new methods to treat prostate cancer. The approach is to try to enhance patients' own immune response against the cancer. In this study, the investigators will be testing the safety of a vaccine that may be able to help the body fight prostate cancer. The vaccine, called pTVG-HP, is a piece of DNA genetic material that contains genetic code for a protein that is made by the prostate gland, called prostatic acid phosphatase (PAP). The vaccine will be given together with a substance called an adjuvant. Adjuvants are typically given with vaccines and can improve the effect of the vaccine. The adjuvant that will be used in this study is called granulocyte-macrophage colony-stimulating factor (GM-CSF). The main purpose of this study is to find out whether the vaccine generates long-lived immune responses, and whether a better schedule of vaccination can be found by doing frequent laboratory testing for immune responses. The investigators also want to see if the vaccine stimulates any immune reaction against cancer cells.
NCT00003279	Study Title: Vaccination Therapy in Treating Patients With Limited-Stage Small Cell Lung Cancer. Brief Summary: RATIONALE: Vaccines may help the body build an immune response to kill tumor cells. PURPOSE: Randomized phase III trial to compare the effectiveness of vaccination with monoclonal antibody BEC2 and BCG with that of no further therapy in treating patients who have limited-stage small cell lung cancer.
NCT01480479	Study Title: Phase III Study of Rindopepimut/GM-CSF in Patients With Newly Diagnosed Glioblastoma. Brief Summary: This 2-arm, randomized, phase III study will investigate the efficacy and safety of the addition of rindopepimut (an experimental cancer vaccine that may act to promote anti-cancer effects in patients who have tumors that express the EGFRvIII protein) to the current standard of care (temozolomide) in patients with recently diagnosed glioblastoma, a type of brain cancer. All patients will be administered temozolomide, the standard treatment for glioblastoma. Half the patients will be randomly assigned to receive rindopepimut and half the patients will be randomly assigned to receive a control called keyhole limpet hemocyanin. Patients will be treated in a blinded fashion (neither the patient or the doctor will know which arm of the study the patient is on). Patients will be treated until disease progression or intolerance to therapy and all patients will be followed for survival.
NCT00030602	Study Title: Vaccine Therapy in Treating Patients With Recurrent Prostate Cancer. Brief Summary: RATIONALE: Vaccines may make the body build an immune response to kill tumor cells. PURPOSE: Phase II trial to study the effectiveness of vaccine therapy in treating patients who have recurrent prostate cancer.
NCT01978964	Study Title: Phase 1b Maintenance Therapy Study of ONT-10 in Patients With Solid Tumors. Brief Summary: This is an open label phase 1b maintenance therapy study to evaluate the long-term safety, immunogenicity, and anti-tumor effects of repeat-dose vaccination with ONT-10 in patients who have demonstrated safety and clinical benefit on the original ONT-10-001 phase 1 study.
NCT06258564	Study Title: The Adjuvant Effect of HPV Vaccination on Recurrence of Cervical Precancer or Carcinoma in Women Undergoing Conization. Brief Summary: Assessment of the association between human papillomavirus vaccination (HPV) and recurrences of cervical intraepithelial neoplasia grade 2 or worse (CIN2+) in women undergoing conization.
NCT04382664	Study Title: UV1 Vaccination Plus Nivolumab and Ipilimumab in Treatment of Melanoma. Brief Summary: UV1 is a therapeutic cancer vaccine that has been explored in prostate, lung cancer, in combination with ipilimumab in malignant melanoma and in combination with pembrolizumab in metastatic melanoma. This study will explore the Efficacy and Safety of UV1 administered with GM-CSF in combination with nivolumab and ipilimumab.
