NCT Number	Study Summary
NCT00952692	Study Title: Study to Assess dHER2+AS15 Cancer Vaccine Given in Combination With Lapatinib to Patients With Metastatic Breast Cancer. Brief Summary: This is a phase I/II study to determine the safety and gain insight into the immune response of the immunologic agent dHER2+AS15 ASCI when administered in combination with lapatinib. This study is for patients with metastatic breast cancer (invasive breast cancer with stage IV disease) that overexpresses HER2 and is resistant to trastuzumab (Herceptin). The dHER2 + AS15 candidate Antigen-Specific Cancer Immunotherapeutic (ASCI) contains a recombinant protein termed dHER2, which is a truncated version of the HER2 protein. HER2 is a protein that is commonly overexpressed in breast cancer. This protein is combined with the immunological adjuvant AS15 Adjuvant System from GSK (GlaxoSmithKline), which is a liposomal formulation containing three immunostimulatory components. Lapatinib is FDA approved for use in combination with capecitabine for the treatment of subjects with advanced or metastatic breast cancer whose tumors overexpress HER2.
NCT02772094	"Study Title: Dendritic Cell-Based Tumor Vaccine Adjuvant Immunotherapy of Human Glioblastoma Multiforme (WHO Grade IV Gliomas). Brief Summary: Purposes: The purpose of this phase-II clinical trial is to determine whether or not ADCTA-G, a biologic ""vaccine"" preparation of patient's own dendritic cell (DC) for glioblastoma multiforme (GBM) treatment, is safe and effective in extending the GBM patient's life. The current conventional multi-modal regimen that may include surgery for tumor resection or biopsy, temozolomide (TMZ) combined chemo-radiotherapy (CCRT) and TMZ adjuvant chemotherapy almost always leaves residual GBM cells to cause fatal recurrence, leading to medium survival period of 8 -15 months and over-all survival rates of about 30% in 2 years and \<3% in 5 years after diagnosis/surgery. Thus, in neurosurgical oncology practice, GBM patients in the first 2-year period during and after receiving multi-modal therapy are watched closely for possible GBM tumor recurrence and mortal disease relapse and immediately given palliative treatments and health care, until death. In this phase-II trial, GBM patient participants who receive ADCTA-G ""vaccine"" adjuvant immunotherapy (added to the conventional multi-modal regimen) will be similarly watched closely by treatments and health care visits at least biweekly from the date of surgery/diagnosis to 24 months, and if alive followed by weekly phone calls and scheduled health care visits at least once every 3 months, up to 72 months after surgery. In the trial protocol, ADCT-G in 10 doses is administered after surgery, over a period of 6 or 8 months, as an adjuvant immunotherapy of the conventional multimodal regimen. Individual ADCTA-G ""vaccine"" lot of every participant GBM patient is manufactured from patient's own monocyte-derived dendritic cells and the patient's own tumor cell antigens, both of which are prepared by a distinct method of procedures performed within air particle-free barrier good laboratory practice (GLP) facility. Previous phase I/II clinical trial of ADCTA-G ""vaccine"" immunotherapy administered as an adjuvant to the conventional multimodal regimen, has obtained promising safety and efficacy results for GBM patients in a clinical center. This phase-II clinical trial in China Medical University Hospital-Taichung will employ essentially the same clinical protocols and the same distinct ""vaccine"" manufacturing method of standard operational procedures (SOP), that is, the conventional multimodal regimen plus adjuvant immunotherapy using personal ADCTA-G ""vaccine"" lot for every GBM patient participants."
NCT00911560	"Study Title: Bivalent Vaccine With Escalating Doses of the Immunological Adjuvant OPT-821, in Combination With Oral β-glucan for High-Risk Neuroblastoma. Brief Summary: In the first part of this study we found the highest dose of the vaccine that did not have too many side effects. We are now trying to find out what effects the vaccine has when given at the same dose to all patients. The main treatment in this protocol is a vaccine. It is called a "" bivalent vaccine"" which means it has 2 antigens. An antigen is a specific protein on the surface of a cell. The antigens are called GD2L and GD3L. We want the vaccine to cause the patient's immune system to make antibodies against the antigens. Antibodies are made by the body to attack cancer (and to fight infections). If the patient can make antibodies against the 2 antigens in the vaccine, those antibodies might also attach to neuroblastoma cells because a lot of each antigen is on neuroblastoma (and very little on other parts of the body). Then, the attached antibodies would attract the patient's white blood cells to kill the neuroblastoma. This protocol also uses β-glucan which is a kind of sugar from yeast. β-glucan is taken by mouth and can help white blood cells kill cancer. The best way to get the body to make antibodies against the 2 antigens is to link each antigen to a protein called KLH (which stands for: keyhole limpet hemocyanin) and to mix them with a substance called QS-21. But it is hard to get enough QS-21 so we are using an identical substance called OPT-821, which we can get easily in large amounts for use in patients."
NCT04157127	Study Title: Th-1 Dendritic Cell Immunotherapy Plus Standard Chemotherapy for Pancreatic Adenocarcinoma. Brief Summary: This is a phase 1, first in man, dose escalation study for safety and feasibility for administration of 3 doses of DC vaccine for pancreatic adenocarcinoma.
NCT02593227	Study Title: Folate Receptor Alpha Peptide Vaccine With GM-CSF in Patients With Triple Negative Breast Cancer. Brief Summary: This Phase II trial evaluates the safety and immunogenicity of two doses of the Folate Receptor Alpha (FRα) peptide vaccine mixed with GM-CSF as a vaccine adjuvant, with or without a immune priming with cyclophosphamide, as a consolidation therapy after neoadjuvant or adjuvant treatment of patients with Stage IIb-III triple negative breast cancer (TNBC).
NCT01264731	Study Title: Combination Therapy of Topical Imiquimod Plus Multipeptide Vaccination for Cutaneous Metastases of Melanoma. Brief Summary: The purpose of the study is to determine 1) the safety of administration of topical 5% imiquimod cream with or without administration of a peptide-based vaccine in patients with cutaneous metastases of melanoma and 2) evaluate whether topical imiquimod at sites of melanoma metastasis, with or without vaccine, increases a) endothelial expression of E-selectin and b) T cell infiltration.
NCT04936529	Study Title: A Study of a Vaccine in Combination With β-glucan and GM-CSF in People With Neuroblastoma. Brief Summary: The purpose of the study is to explore the combination of a bivalent vaccine, a sugar called beta-glucan (β-glucan), and a protein called granulocyte-macrophage colony stimulating factor (GM-CSF) as an effective treatment for people with high-risk neuroblastoma that is in complete remission. The combination may be effective because the different parts of the treatment work to strengthen the immune system's response against cancer cells in different ways.
NCT01261962	Study Title: Modulation of Immune Response by Oral Zinc Supplementation in Chemotherapy for Colon Cancer. Brief Summary: In leukocytes of patients undergoing adjuvant chemotherapy for colon cancer treatment: a)identify genes modulated by oral supplementation of zinc; b) evaluate the effects of oral zinc supplementation on humoral immunity and neutrophil function. The study will be conducted on 30 adult patients aged grater than 18 years, of both genders who have undergone surgical resection of colonic neoplastic lesions without metastatic lesion. Patients will be randomized into two groups, with the first (Group QT Zn, n = 15) receive 70 mg/d of zinc for 16 weeks and the second will receive placebo (QT Placebo Group, n = 15). The study will also include 30 healthy volunteers who receive supplementation of 70 mg/d of Zn (C Zn group, n = 15) or placebo (Group C Placebo, n = 15). Zinc supplementation or placebo for all study groups will start two days before the volunteers received the pneumococcal vaccine, polyvalent 23. Fifteen days after vaccination, patients begin chemotherapy as pre-established criteria by the Oncology Service. Will be monitored the parameters of nutritional status (anthropometry, bioelectrical impedance, food intake, and laboratory tests) adverse effects, according to rules of the CTCAE. In the evaluation of humoral immunity, antibodies opsonization and in the pneumococcal polysaccharide will be measured. Will be evaluated the function of neutrophils by measuring DNA NETs and quantified calprotectin and elastase released in the culture supernatants of activated neutrophils. RT-qPCR will be done of genes differentially expressed(DEGS) on activated leukocytes. In six volunteers from each group will be analyzed global gene expression from RNA extracted from leukocytes by microarray; will be detected and correlated the molecular pathways modulated by zinc by MetaCore software (GeneGo). The DEGS will be validated by RT-qPCR.
NCT05163080	Study Title: SurVaxM Plus Adjuvant Temozolomide for Newly Diagnosed Glioblastoma (SURVIVE). Brief Summary: The main purpose of this study is to determine whether adding SurVaxM to standard-of-care temozolomide chemotherapy is better than temozolomide treatment alone for patients with newly diagnosed glioblastoma. This study is designed to compare the length of survival in patients with newly diagnosed glioblastoma who receive temozolomide plus SurVaxM to that of patients treated with standard-of-care temozolomide plus placebo. This study aims to discover what effects, both good and bad, this combination of drugs may have on you and to see if the study drug (SurVaxM) can create an immune response in your blood that is directed against your cancer cells. This study also aims to determine whether treatment with SurVaxM plus temozolomide improves the survival of glioblastoma patients like yourself compared to treatment with temozolomide alone.
NCT03162562	Study Title: The Safety and Antitumor Activity of the Combination of Oregovomab and Hiltonol in Recurrent Advanced Ovarian Cancer. Brief Summary: This is a Phase Ib study to look at the combination of an antibody immunization vaccine strategy using oregovomab and an investigational stage immune booster (poly ICLC / Hiltonol), both of which have previously been used in combination with other cancer treatments and demonstrated to be active in advanced cancer, but which have not previously been used together. This study will assess the approach as to whether these two drugs can safely add to the response seen with either drug alone, both of which have doses that are based on prior studies. Subjects with stable disease for whom a 12 week break from therapy for their persistent and progressive advanced ovarian cancer is appropriate, who have signed informed consent and for whom baseline clinical information is completed, will receive 4 cycles of oregovomab/Hiltonol immunization every three weeks (weeks 0, 3, 6, and 9). Blood will be obtained for to look for a CA125 specific T cell response at 12 weeks before initiating any additional therapy according to the best clinical judgment of the investigator. At week 16 the subjects will receive a final dose of the combination of oregovomab/Hiltonol and at week 17 will have an additional blood draw for analysis of T-cell response.
