NCT Number	Study Title	Brief Summary
NCT00952692	Study to Assess dHER2+AS15 Cancer Vaccine Given in Combination With Lapatinib to Patients With Metastatic Breast Cancer	This is a phase I/II study to determine the safety and gain insight into the immune response of the immunologic agent dHER2+AS15 ASCI when administered in combination with lapatinib. This study is for patients with metastatic breast cancer (invasive breast cancer with stage IV disease) that overexpresses HER2 and is resistant to trastuzumab (Herceptin). The dHER2 + AS15 candidate Antigen-Specific Cancer Immunotherapeutic (ASCI) contains a recombinant protein termed dHER2, which is a truncated version of the HER2 protein. HER2 is a protein that is commonly overexpressed in breast cancer. This protein is combined with the immunological adjuvant AS15 Adjuvant System from GSK (GlaxoSmithKline), which is a liposomal formulation containing three immunostimulatory components. Lapatinib is FDA approved for use in combination with capecitabine for the treatment of subjects with advanced or metastatic breast cancer whose tumors overexpress HER2.
NCT00036933	Vaccine Therapy Plus QS21 in Treating Patients With Prostate Cancer	RATIONALE: Vaccines may make the body build an immune response to kill tumor cells. Biological therapies such as QS21 use different ways to stimulate the immune system and stop cancer cells from growing. Combining vaccine therapy with QS21 may kill more tumor cells. PURPOSE: Phase II trial to study the effectiveness of combining vaccine therapy with QS21 in treating patients who have prostate cancer.
NCT00857545	OPT-821 With or Without Vaccine Therapy in Treating Patients With Ovarian Epithelial Cancer, Fallopian Tube Cancer, or Peritoneal Cancer in Second or Third Complete Remission	This randomized phase II trial studies OPT-821 and vaccine therapy to see how well they work compared with OPT-821 alone in treating patients with ovarian epithelial cancer, fallopian tube cancer, or peritoneal cancer that has decreased or disappeared, but the cancer may still be in the body. Biological therapies, such as OPT-821, may stimulate the immune system in different ways and stop tumor cells from growing. Vaccines may help the body build an effective immune response to kill tumor cells. It is not yet known whether OPT-821 is more effective with or without vaccine therapy in treating patients with ovarian epithelial cancer, fallopian tube cancer, or peritoneal cancer.
NCT01556789	Phase 1 Study of ONT-10 in Patients With Solid Tumors	Open label, two part, Phase 1 dose escalation study to evaluate the safety and immunogenicity of repeat dose vaccination with ONT-10 in patients with previously treated Stage 3 or 4 solid tumors. Part 1 to evaluate escalating dose levels of ONT-10 administered subcutaneously every two weeks (Q2W) or weekly (QW) over 8 weeks. Part 2 evaluates the safety, immunogenicity, and potential anti-tumor activity of ONT-10 administered over 8 weeks at the Q2W and QW maximum tolerated does/recommended dose (MTD/RD) in cohorts of 15 patients each.
NCT01390064	Vaccination of High Risk Breast Cancer Patients	Objective - Determine the safety and tolerability of a peptide mimotope-based vaccine upon immunization of breast cancer subjects.
NCT00020254	Vaccine Therapy Plus Sargramostim and Interleukin-2 Compared With Nilutamide Alone in Treating Patients With Prostate Cancer	RATIONALE: Vaccines made from prostate cancer cells may make the body build an immune response to kill tumor cells. Colony-stimulating factors such as sargramostim may increase the number of immune cells found in bone marrow or peripheral blood. Interleukin-2 may stimulate a person's white blood cells to kill prostate cancer cells. Androgens can stimulate the growth of prostate cancer cells. Hormone therapy using nilutamide may fight prostate cancer by reducing the production of androgens. It is not yet known which treatment regimen is more effective for treating prostate cancer. PURPOSE: Randomized phase II trial to compare the effectiveness of vaccine therapy plus sargramostim and interleukin-2 with that of nilutamide alone in treating patients who have prostate cancer that has not responded to hormone therapy.
NCT00433745	Wilm's Tumor 1 (WT1) Peptide Vaccine for High Risk Hematologic Malignancy	This study will determine the safety and effectiveness of an experimental vaccine in controlling the abnormal growth of cells in patients with myelodysplastic syndrome (MDS, also known as myelodysplasia), acute myeloid leukemia (AML), acute lymphoblastic leukemia (ALL), and chronic myeloid leukemia (CML). It will test whether the vaccine can increase the number of immune cells responding to the cancer and thereby slow progression of the illness, improve blood counts, reduce the need for transfusions of blood and platelets, or even achieve a disease remission. The vaccine contains part of a protein that is produced in large amounts by cells of patients with these cancers and an added substance called Montanide that helps the immune system respond to the vaccine. Sargramostim, another substances that boosts the immune response, is also given. Patients 18 to 85 years of age with MDS, AML, ALL or CML may be eligible for this study. Candidates are screened with a medical history, physical examination, blood tests, chest x-ray and bone marrow biopsy. Women of childbearing age also have a pregnancy test. Participants undergo the following: * Chemotherapy entering the study. * Leukapheresis to collect large amounts of white blood cells for infusion before vaccine administration. * Participants may need placement of a central line (plastic tube, or catheter) in the upper part of the chest to be used for giving chemotherapy, blood or platelet transfusions, antibiotics and white blood cells, and for collecting blood samples. * Weekly vaccine injections for nine weeks, given in the upper arm, upper leg or abdomen. * Sargramostim injections following each vaccination. * Standard of care treatment for MDS, AML, ALL or CML, which may include blood or platelet transfusions, growth factors, and drugs to control underlying disease and potential side effects of the vaccine. * Weekly safety monitoring, including vital signs check, brief health assessment, blood tests and observation after the vaccination, on the day of each vaccination. * Follow-up evaluations with blood tests and chest x-ray 3 weeks after the last vaccine dose and with blood tests and bone marrow biopsy 7 weeks after the last vaccine dose.
NCT00293423	GP96 Heat Shock Protein-Peptide Complex Vaccine in Treating Patients With Recurrent or Progressive Glioma	Vaccines made from a person's tumor cells, such as gp96 heat shock protein-peptide complex, may help the body build an effective immune response to kill tumor cells. This phase I/II trial is studying the side effects and best dose of gp96 heat shock protein-peptide complex vaccine to see how well it works in treating patients with recurrent or progressive high-grade glioma over time.
NCT01222221	Vaccine Therapy, Temozolomide, and Radiation Therapy in Treating Patients With Newly Diagnosed Glioblastoma Multiforme	RATIONALE: Vaccines made from peptides may help the body build an effective immune response to kill tumor cells. Drugs used in chemotherapy, such as temozolomide, work in different ways to stop the growth of tumor cells, either by killing the cells or by stopping them from dividing. Radiation therapy uses high-energy x-rays to kill tumor cells. Giving vaccine therapy together with temozolomide and radiation therapy may kill more tumor cells. PURPOSE: This phase I trial is studying the side effects of vaccine therapy when given together with temozolomide and radiation therapy in treating patients with newly diagnosed glioblastoma multiforme.
NCT00019929	Vaccine Therapy in Treating Patients With Stage III Non-Small Cell Lung Cancer	RATIONALE: Vaccines may make the body build an immune response to kill tumor cells. PURPOSE: This phase II trial is studying vaccine therapy given after standard therapy to see how well it works in treating patients with stage III non-small cell lung cancer.
