PMID	Article
PMID_31427449	Title: Intradermal or Sublingual Delivery and Heat-Labile Enterotoxin Proteins Shape Immunologic Responses to a CFA/I Fimbria-Derived Subunit Antigen Vaccine against Enterotoxigenic Escherichia coli. Abstract: EnterotoxigenicEscherichia coli(ETEC) is a major cause of infectious diarrhea in children, travelers, and deployed military personnel. As such, development of a vaccine would be advantageous for public health. One strategy is to use subunits of colonization factors combined with antigen/adjuvant toxoids as an ETEC vaccine. Here, we investigated the intradermal (i.d.) or sublingual (s.l.) delivery of CFA/I fimbrial antigens, including CfaEB and a CfaE-heat-labile toxin B subunit (LTB) chimera admixed with double mutant heat-labile toxin (LT) LT-R192G/L211A (dmLT). In addition, we compared dmLT with other LT proteins to better understand the generation of adjuvanted fimbrial and toxoid immunity as well as the influence on any local skin reactogenicity. We demonstrate that immunization with dmLT admixed with CfaEB induces robust serum and fecal antibody responses to CFA/I fimbriae and LT but that i.d. formulations are not optimal for s.l. delivery. Improved s.l. vaccination outcomes were observed when higher doses of dmLT (1 to 5 μg) were admixed with CfaEB or, even better, when a CfaE-LTB chimera antigen was used instead. Serum anti-CFA/I total antibodies, detected by enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay, were the best predictor of functional antibodies, based on the inhibition of red blood cell agglutination by ETEC. Immunization with other LT proteins or formulations with altered B-subunit binding during i.d. immunization (e.g., by addition of 5% lactose, LTA1, or LT-G33D) minimally altered the development of antibody responses and cytokine recall responses but reduced skin reactogenicity at the injection site. These results reveal how formulations and delivery parameters shape the adaptive immune responses to a toxoid and fimbria-derived subunit vaccine against ETEC.Keywords:CFA/I; ETEC; LTA1; dmLT; intradermal; sublingual; vaccine. 