PMID	Article
PMID_36634821	Title: Activation of CD4 T cells during prime immunization determines the success of a therapeutic hepatitis B vaccine in HBV-carrier mouse models. Abstract: Background & aims:We recently developed a heterologous therapeutic vaccination scheme (TherVacB) comprising a particulate protein prime followed by a modified vaccinia-virus Ankara (MVA)-vector boost for the treatment of HBV. However, the key determinants required to overcome HBV-specific immune tolerance remain unclear. Herein, we aimed to study new combination adjuvants and unravel factors that are essential for the antiviral efficacy of TherVacB.Methods:Recombinant hepatitis B surface and core antigen (HBsAg and HBcAg) particles were formulated with different liposome- or oil-in-water emulsion-based combination adjuvants containing saponin QS21 and monophosphoryl lipid A; these formulations were compared to STING-agonist c-di-AMP and conventional aluminium hydroxide formulations. Immunogenicity and the antiviral effects of protein antigen formulations and the MVA-vector boost within TherVacB were evaluated in adeno-associated virus-HBV-infected and HBV-transgenic mice.Results:Combination adjuvant formulations preserved HBsAg and HBcAg integrity for ≥12 weeks, promoted human and mouse dendritic cell activation and, within TherVacB, elicited robust HBV-specific antibody and T-cell responses in wild-type and HBV-carrier mice. Combination adjuvants that prime a balanced HBV-specific type 1 and 2 T helper response induced high-titer anti-HBs antibodies, cytotoxic T-cell responses and long-term control of HBV. In the absence of an MVA-vector boost or following selective CD8 T-cell depletion, HBsAg still declined (mediated mainly by anti-HBs antibodies) but HBV replication was not controlled. Selective CD4 T-cell depletion during the priming phase of TherVacB resulted in a complete loss of vaccine-induced immune responses and its therapeutic antiviral effect in mice.Conclusions:Our results identify CD4 T-cell activation during the priming phase of TherVacB as a key determinant of HBV-specific antibody and CD8 T-cell responses.Impact and implications:Therapeutic vaccination is a potentially curative treatment option for chronic hepatitis B. However, it remains unclear which factors are essential for breaking immune tolerance in HBV carriers and determining successful outcomes. Our study provides the first direct evidence that efficient priming of HBV-specific CD4 T cells determines the success of therapeutic hepatitis B vaccination in two preclinical HBV-carrier mouse models. Applying an optimal formulation of HBV antigens that activates CD4 and CD8 T cells during prime immunization provided the foundation for an antiviral effect of therapeutic vaccination, while depletion of CD4 T cells led to a complete loss of vaccine-induced antiviral efficacy. Boosting CD8 T cells was important to finally control HBV in these mouse models. Our findings provide important insights into the rational design of therapeutic vaccines for the cure of chronic hepatitis B.Keywords:CD4 T cells; Chronic hepatitis B; TherVacB; combination adjuvant; immunotolerance; therapeutic vaccine. 