NCT Number	Study Title	Brief Summary	Interventions
NCT00091039	Vaccine Therapy, Chemotherapy, and Radiation Therapy in Treating Patients With Stage III Non-Small Cell Lung Cancer That Cannot Be Removed With Surgery	RATIONALE: Vaccines made from a gene-modified virus may make the body build an immune response to kill tumor cells. Drugs used in chemotherapy, such as paclitaxel and carboplatin, work in different ways to stop tumor cells from dividing so they stop growing or die. Radiation therapy uses high energy x-rays to damage tumor cells. Combining vaccine therapy with chemotherapy and radiation therapy may kill more tumor cells. PURPOSE: This clinical trial is studying how well giving vaccine therapy together with paclitaxel, carboplatin, and radiation therapy works in treating patients with stage III non-small cell lung cancer that cannot be removed with surgery.	BIOLOGICAL: recombinant fowlpox GM-CSF vaccine adjuvant|BIOLOGICAL: recombinant fowlpox-CEA(6D)/TRICOM vaccine|BIOLOGICAL: recombinant vaccinia-CEA(6D)-TRICOM vaccine|DRUG: carboplatin|DRUG: paclitaxel|RADIATION: radiation therapy
NCT00295958	LMB-2 Immunotoxin and Vaccine Therapy in Treating Patients With Metastatic Melanoma That Cannot Be Removed By Surgery	RATIONALE: The LMB-2 immunotoxin can find tumor cells and kill them without harming normal cells. Vaccines made from peptides may help the body build an effective immune response to kill tumor cells. Giving LMB-2 immunotoxin together with vaccine therapy may kill more tumor cells. PURPOSE: This phase II trial is studying how well giving LMB-2 immunotoxin together with vaccine therapy works in treating patients with metastatic melanoma that cannot be removed by surgery.	BIOLOGICAL: LMB-2 immunotoxin|BIOLOGICAL: MART-1 antigen|BIOLOGICAL: gp100 antigen|BIOLOGICAL: incomplete Freund's adjuvant
NCT00785122	IMA910 Plus GM-CSF With Low-dose Cyclophosphamide Pre-treatment in Advanced Colorectal Carcinoma Patients Following a Successful 12 Week First-line Treatment With Oxaliplatin-based Chemotherapy (IMA910-101)	This study is being conducted in order determine whether IMA910 as single agent with GM-CSF as adjuvant following pre-treatment with low-dose cyclophosphamide is safe and shows sufficient anti-tumour effectiveness in patients with advanced CRC to warrant further development. Secondary objectives of this study are investigation of immunological parameters and additional effectiveness endpoints. Furthermore, safety, immunological parameters and effectiveness of IMA910 as single agent with GM-CSF in combination with imiquimod following pre-treatment with low-dose cyclophosphamide will be investigated in a 2nd cohort of patients. The regular study duration for individual patients in the 1st and 2nd cohort comprises regularly 18-42 days of screening (excluding HLA-typing), 33 weeks of treatment (16 vaccinations) and 4 weeks follow-up. Thus, the period between start of screening and end of trial is about 10 months per patient. Patients will be followed for response to subsequent treatments (chemotherapies with or without targeted agents) and survival every 2 months after EOS visit until death. Patients in the 1st and 2nd cohort will be withdrawn from study treatment once a progress according to RECIST is noted. An enrolment plan for the first 6 patients included into the 1st cohort will be part of this study to ensure maximum safety of the study participants. The enrollment of the first 6 patients into the 2nd cohort will also follow an enrolment plan to ensure maximum safety.	DRUG: Endoxana, Leukine, IMA910|DRUG: Endoxana, Leukine, IMA910, Aldara
NCT00091273	Vaccine Therapy in Treating Patients With Ovarian Epithelial or Primary Peritoneal Cancer	RATIONALE: Vaccines made from peptides may make the body build an immune response to kill tumor cells. PURPOSE: This phase I trial is studying the side effects of vaccine therapy in treating patients with ovarian epithelial or primary peritoneal cancer.	BIOLOGICAL: incomplete Freund's adjuvant|BIOLOGICAL: ovarian cancer peptide vaccine|BIOLOGICAL: sargramostim|BIOLOGICAL: tetanus toxoid helper peptide|PROCEDURE: adjuvant therapy
NCT00079157	Vaccine Plus Montanide ISA-51 and Sargramostim in Treating Patients With Stage IV Breast Cancer	RATIONALE: Vaccines may make the body build an immune response to kill tumor cells. Giving a vaccine with Montanide ISA-51 and sargramostim may cause a stronger immune response and kill more tumor cells. PURPOSE: This phase I trial is studying the side effects and best dose of vaccine therapy when given together with Montanide ISA-51 and sargramostim in treating patients with stage IV breast cancer.	BIOLOGICAL: incomplete Freund's adjuvant|BIOLOGICAL: sargramostim|BIOLOGICAL: telomerase: 540-548 peptide vaccine
NCT02151448	αDC1 Vaccine + Chemokine Modulatory Regimen (CKM) as Adjuvant Treatment of Peritoneal Surface Malignancies	This trial is to determine the safest dose of a triple combination (chemokine modulatory regimen or CKM) of celecoxib, interferon alfa (IFN), and rintatolimod that can be given with a DC vaccine as treatment of peritoneal surface malignancies after standard of care surgery. The first phase of this study will determine the safest dose of IFN that can be given in combination with celecoxib and rintatolimod along with a DC vaccine. The doses of celecoxib (400 mg) and rintatolimod (200 mg) will be consistent while the dose of IFN will be increased (5, 10, or 20 MU/m2) as participants are enrolled to the trial. The high dose of IFN in combination with celecoxib and rintatolimod will be used for the next phase of the clinical trial. After surgery, participants will receive 2 cycles of the investigational treatment. The second phase of this study will test if the investigational treatment has any effects on peritoneal surface malignancies. The doses of the combination determined in the first phase will be used in this phase of the clinical trial. After surgery, participants will receive 2 cycles of the investigational treatment, followed by standard chemotherapy as determined by their oncologist, and then 2 more cycles of the investigational treatment.	BIOLOGICAL: DC vaccine|DRUG: Celecoxib|DRUG: Interferon Alfa-2b|BIOLOGICAL: rintatolimod
NCT01978964	Phase 1b Maintenance Therapy Study of ONT-10 in Patients With Solid Tumors	This is an open label phase 1b maintenance therapy study to evaluate the long-term safety, immunogenicity, and anti-tumor effects of repeat-dose vaccination with ONT-10 in patients who have demonstrated safety and clinical benefit on the original ONT-10-001 phase 1 study.	BIOLOGICAL: ONT-10
NCT00471471	Vaccine Therapy in Treating Patients With Recurrent Stage III or Stage IV Melanoma That Cannot Be Removed by Surgery	RATIONALE: Vaccines made from peptides may help the body build an effective immune response to kill tumor cells. Giving vaccine therapy together with GM-CSF, CpG 7909, and incomplete Freund's adjuvant may make a stronger immune response and kill more tumor cells. PURPOSE: This clinical trial is studying the side effects and how well vaccine therapy works in treating patients with recurrent stage III or stage IV melanoma that cannot be removed by surgery.	BIOLOGICAL: Peptide vaccine|BIOLOGICAL: GM-CSF|BIOLOGICAL: PF3512676
