PMID	Article
PMID_29769270	Title: Effective Combination Adjuvants Engage Both TLR and Inflammasome Pathways To Promote Potent Adaptive Immune Responses. Abstract: The involvement of innate receptors that recognize pathogen- and danger-associated molecular patterns is critical to programming an effective adaptive immune response to vaccination. The synthetic TLR4 agonist glucopyranosyl lipid adjuvant (GLA) synergizes with the squalene oil-in-water emulsion (SE) formulation to induce strong adaptive responses. Although TLR4 signaling through MyD88 and TIR domain-containing adapter inducing IFN-β are essential for GLA-SE activity, the mechanisms underlying the synergistic activity of GLA and SE are not fully understood. In this article, we demonstrate that the inflammasome activation and the subsequent release of IL-1β are central effectors of the action of GLA-SE, as infiltration of innate cells into the draining lymph nodes and production of IFN-γ are reduced in ASC-/-animals. Importantly, the early proliferation of Ag-specific CD4+T cells was completely ablated after immunization in ASC-/-animals. Moreover, numbers of Ag-specific CD4+T and B cells as well as production of IFN-γ, TNF-α, and IL-2 and Ab titers were considerably reduced in ASC-/-, NLRP3-/-, and IL-1R-/-mice compared with wild-type mice and were completely ablated in TLR4-/-animals. Also, extracellular ATP, a known trigger of the inflammasome, augments Ag-specific CD4+T cell responses, as hydrolyzing it with apyrase diminished adaptive responses induced by GLA-SE. These data thus demonstrate that GLA-SE adjuvanticity acts through TLR4 signaling and NLRP3 inflammasome activation to promote robust Th1 and B cell responses to vaccine Ags. The findings suggest that engagement of both TLR and inflammasome activators may be a general paradigm for induction of robust CD4 T cell immunity with combination adjuvants such as GLA-SE. Substances: Adaptor Proteins, Vesicular Transport, Adjuvants, Immunologic, Antigens, CARD Signaling Adaptor Proteins, Glucosides, IFNG protein, mouse, IL1B protein, mouse, IL1R1 protein, mouse, Inflammasomes, Interleukin-1beta, Interleukin-2, Lipid A, Myd88 protein, mouse, Myeloid Differentiation Factor 88, NLR Family, Pyrin Domain-Containing 3 Protein, Nlrp3 protein, mouse, Pycard protein, mouse, Receptors, Interleukin-1 Type I, TICAM-1 protein, mouse, Toll-Like Receptor 4, Tumor Necrosis Factor-alpha, Vaccines, glucopyranosyl lipid-A, Interferon-beta, Squalene, Interferon-gamma, Adenosine Triphosphate
