PMID	Article
PMID_35465982	Title: Covax-19/Spikogen® vaccine based on recombinant spike protein extracellular domain with Advax-CpG55.2 adjuvant provides single dose protection against SARS-CoV-2 infection in hamsters. Abstract: COVID-19 presents an ongoing global health crisis. Protein-based COVID-19 vaccines that are well-tolerated, safe, highly-protective and convenient to manufacture remain of major interest. We therefore sought to compare the immunogenicity and protective efficacy of a number of recombinant SARS-CoV-2 spike protein candidates expressed in insect cells. By comparison to a full length (FL) spike protein detergent-extracted nanoparticle antigen, the soluble secreted spike protein extracellular domain (ECD) generated higher protein yields per liter of culture and when formulated with either Alum-CpG55.2 or Advax-CpG55.2 combination adjuvants elicited robust antigen-specific humoral and cellular immunity in mice. In hamsters, the spike ECD when formulated with either adjuvant induced high serum neutralizing antibody titers even after a single dose. When challenged with the homologous SARS-CoV-2 virus, hamsters immunized with the adjuvanted spike ECD exhibited reduced viral load in day 1-3 oropharyngeal swabs and day 3 nasal turbinate tissue and had no recoverable infectious virus in day 3 lung tissue. The reduction in lung viral load correlated with less weight loss and lower lung pathology scores. The formulations of spike ECD with Alum-CpG55.2 or Advax-CpG55.2 were protective even after just a single dose, although the 2-dose regimen performed better overall and required only half the total amount of antigen. Pre-challenge serum neutralizing antibody levels showed a strong correlation with lung protection, with a weaker correlation seen with nasal or oropharyngeal protection. This suggests that serum neutralizing antibody levels may correlate more closely with systemic, rather than mucosal, protection. The spike protein ECD with Advax-CpG55.2 formulation (Covax-19® vaccine) was selected for human clinical development.Keywords:Adjuvant; Advax; COVID-19; Coronavirus; Pandemic; SARS-Cov-2; Vaccine. Substances: Adjuvants, Immunologic, Antibodies, Neutralizing, Antibodies, Viral, COVID-19 Vaccines, SARS-CoV-2 recombinant spike protein with delta inulin and CpG-ODN adjuvant vaccine, Spike Glycoprotein, Coronavirus, delta inulin, spike protein, SARS-CoV-2, Inulin
