PMID	Article
PMID_32540272	Title: Vaccination of aged mice with adjuvanted recombinant influenza nucleoprotein enhances protective immunity. Abstract: Elderly individuals are highly susceptible to influenza virus (IAV) infection and respond poorly to influenza vaccines. Although the generally accepted correlate of protection following influenza vaccination is neutralizing antibody titers, cytotoxic T cell activity has been found to be a better correlate in the elderly. This suggests that vaccines designed to protect against influenza in the elderly should induce both humoral and cellular immunity. The co-induction of T cell immunity is additionally advantageous, as virus-specific T cells are frequently cross-reactive against different strains of IAV. Here, we tested the capacity of a synthetic TLR-4 adjuvant, SLA-SE (second-generation lipid adjuvant formulated in a squalene-based oil-in-water emulsion) to elicit T cell immunity to a recombinant influenza nucleoprotein (rNP), in both young and aged mice. IAV challenge of vaccinated mice resulted in a modest increase in the numbers of NP-specific CD4 and CD8 effector T cells in the spleen, but did not increase numbers of memory phenotype CD8 T cells generated following viral clearance (compared to control vaccinated mice). Cytotoxic activity of CD8, but not CD4 T cells was increased. In addition, SLA-SE adjuvanted vaccination specifically enhanced the production of NP-specific IgG2c antibodies in both young and aged mice. Although NP-specific antibodies are not neutralizing, they can cooperate with CD8 T cells and antigen-presenting cells to enhance protective immunity. Importantly, SLA-SE adjuvanted rNP-vaccination of aged mice resulted in significantly enhanced viral clearance. In addition, vaccination of aged mice resulted in enhanced survival after lethal challenge compared to control vaccination, that approached statistical significance. These data demonstrate the potential of SLA-SE adjuvanted rNP vaccines to (i) generate both cellular and humoral immunity to relatively conserved IAV proteins and (ii) elicit protective immunity to IAV in aged mice.Keywords:Adjuvant; Aging; Influenza; Mouse; Nucleoprotein; Vaccination. Substances: Antibodies, Viral, Influenza Vaccines, Nucleoproteins
