NCT Number	Study Summary
NCT03359239	Study Title: Atezolizumab Given in Combination With a Personalized Vaccine in Patients With Urothelial Cancer. Brief Summary: The purpose of this study is to determine the good and bad effects of atezolizumab given in combination with a personalized cancer vaccine in patients with urothelial cancer either after surgery to remove organ where the tumor arose (for example, removal of the bladder) or for urothelial cancer that has spread to other organs. Interventions: DRUG: Atezolizumab | BIOLOGICAL: PGV001 | DRUG: Poly ICLC | DRUG: Normal saline.
NCT00665002	Study Title: Pilot Trial of a WT-1 Analog Peptide Vaccine in Patients With Myeloid Neoplasms. Brief Summary: The purpose of this study is to determine whether the WT-1 vaccine causes an immune response and is safe. The WT-1 vaccine is made up of protein pieces that the patient's immune system can recognize as abnormal. Interventions: BIOLOGICAL: WT-1 | DRUG: Montanide | DRUG: Sargramostim (GM-CSF).
NCT02947854	Study Title: Study to Assess Safety, Tolerability and Immune Response of Fimaporfin-induced Photochemical Internalisation of Antigen/Adjuvant. Brief Summary: Fimaporfin (TPCS2a) is a photosensitiser drug being developed by PCI Biotech AS for use in novel Photochemical Internalisation (PCI) technology. PCI technology is designed to enhance the effects of other drugs in a site-specific, light-directed manner and is used to re-localise endocytosed molecules from endosomes to cytosol. This research study is evaluating the use of the PCI Technology in combination with adjuvant and vaccine antigens for safety and induction of immune responses. Interventions: DRUG: Fimaporfin (Photosensitizer) | BIOLOGICAL: Hiltonol (Poly-ICLC) | BIOLOGICAL: HPV E7 (Human Papilloma Virus E7) peptides | BIOLOGICAL: KLH (Keyhole Limpet Hemocyanin).
NCT00019591	Study Title: Vaccine Therapy With or Without Interleukin-2 in Treating Patients With Locally Advanced or Metastatic Colorectal Cancer. Brief Summary: RATIONALE: Vaccines may make the body build an immune response that will kill cancer cells. Combining vaccine therapy with interleukin-2 may kill more cancer cells. PURPOSE: Phase I/II trial to study the effectiveness of vaccine therapy with or without interleukin-2 in treating patients who have locally advanced or metastatic colorectal cancer. Interventions: BIOLOGICAL: aldesleukin | BIOLOGICAL: ras peptide cancer vaccine | PROCEDURE: adjuvant therapy.
NCT01970358	"Study Title: A Phase I Study With a Personalized NeoAntigen Cancer Vaccine in Melanoma. Brief Summary: This research study is evaluating a new type of melanoma vaccine called ""Personalized NeoAntigen Cancer Vaccine"". The purpose of this study is to determine if it is possible to make and administer safely a vaccine against melanoma by using information gained from specific characteristics of the participant's own melanoma. It is known that melanomas have mutations (changes in genetic material) that are specific to an individual patient and tumor. These mutations can cause the tumor cells to produce proteins that appear very different from the body's own cells. It is possible that these proteins used in a vaccine may induce strong immune responses, which may help the participant's body fight any tumor cells that could cause the melanoma to come back in the future. The study will examine the safety of the vaccine when given at several different time points and will examine the participant's blood cells for signs that the vaccine induced an immune response. Interventions: BIOLOGICAL: Poly-ICLC | BIOLOGICAL: Peptides."
NCT02411786	Study Title: A Phase I Study of a DNA Vaccine Encoding Androgen Receptor Ligand-Binding Domain (AR LBD) +/-GMCSF. Brief Summary: The purpose of this study is to determine if a vaccine called pTVG-AR can enhance the participant's immune response against prostate cancer. Interventions: BIOLOGICAL: pTVG-AR | BIOLOGICAL: gm-csf.
NCT02229084	Study Title: Vaccination of High Risk Breast Cancer Patients. Brief Summary: The purpose of this study is to evaluate a new investigational cancer vaccine, P10s-PADRE in combination with standard neoadjuvant chemotherapy and surgery in patients with clinical stage I, II or III estrogen-receptor (ER)-positive, HER2-negative breast cancer. Interventions: BIOLOGICAL: P10s-PADRE/ MONTANIDE ISA 51 VG | DRUG: Doxorubicin | DRUG: Cyclophosphamide | DRUG: Docetaxel.
NCT00648102	Study Title: Phase I Study of CDX-1307, hCG-B Vaccine, for Patients With Incurable, Locally Advanced or Metastatic Breast, Colorectal, Pancreatic, Bladder or Ovarian Cancer. Brief Summary: This research study is for individuals who have advanced breast, colon, pancreatic, ovarian or bladder cancer. Celldex Therapeutics, Inc. is testing a form of immune therapy (vaccine) to see if it can be used to make the immune system attack the cancer. The study includes administration of additional treatments, in combination, thought to enhance the immune response effect. This study specifically administers the vaccine systemically to explore whether dendritic cell targeted vaccines can generate more robust effects via intravenous injection. (CDX 1307-02). Interventions: BIOLOGICAL: CDX-1307.
NCT00709462	Study Title: A Study of CDX-1307, in Patients With Incurable Breast, Colorectal, Pancreatic, Ovarian or Bladder Cancer (CDX 1307-01). Brief Summary: This research study is for individuals who have advanced breast, colon, pancreatic, ovarian or bladder cancer. Celldex Therapeutics, Inc. is testing a form of immune therapy (vaccine) to see if it can be used to make the immune system attack the cancer. The study includes administration of additional treatments, in combination, thought to enhance the immune response effect. (CDX 1307-01). Interventions: BIOLOGICAL: CDX1307.
NCT03199872	Study Title: RV001V, a RhoC Anticancer Vaccine, Against Metastasis From Solid Tumours. Brief Summary: The study will evaluate safety and immunological response to RhoC peptide vaccine in patients with prostate cancer. Interventions: BIOLOGICAL: RV001V.
