NCT Number	Study Summary
NCT00028496	Study Title: Vaccine Therapy With or Without Sargramostim in Treating Patients With Advanced or Metastatic Cancer. Brief Summary: Phase I trial to study the effectiveness of vaccine therapy with or without sargramostim in treating patients who have advanced or metastatic cancer. Vaccines may make the body build an immune response to kill tumor cells. Colony-stimulating factors such as sargramostim may increase the number of immune cells found in bone marrow or peripheral blood. Combining vaccine therapy with sargramostim may make tumor cells more sensitive to the vaccine and may kill more tumor cells. Interventions: BIOLOGICAL: recombinant fowlpox-CEA(6D)/TRICOM vaccine | BIOLOGICAL: sargramostim | BIOLOGICAL: recombinant fowlpox GM-CSF vaccine adjuvant.
NCT00148928	Study Title: Safety & Activity of P501-AS15 Vaccine as a First-line Treatment for Patients With Hormone-sensitive Prostate Cancer Who Show Rising PSA. Brief Summary: Patients with hormone-sensitive prostate cancer and rising PSA, after primary tumor treatment, will be treated with the P501-AS15 vaccine as out-patients. The maximum dose will be 16 vaccinations, given over a period of approximately one year. Thereafter, the patients' long-term safety and PSA status will be followed over a period of approximately 11 months. Interventions: BIOLOGICAL: P501-AS15 vaccine.
NCT00844506	Study Title: p53 Synthetic Long Peptides Vaccine With Cyclophosphamide for Ovarian Cancer. Brief Summary: The purpose of this study is to determine whether the addition of cyclophosphamide to the treatment with the p53-SLP vaccine improves clinical efficacy and immunogenicity of the p53-SLP vaccine in ovarian cancer patients. Interventions: DRUG: P53-SLP vaccine | DRUG: Cyclophosphamide.
NCT00616941	Study Title: Phase 1 Study of NY-ESO-1 Overlapping Peptides in Epithelial Ovarian, Fallopian Tube, or Primary Peritoneal Cancer. Brief Summary: This was a Phase 1, open-label study of repeated vaccination with NY-ESO-1 overlapping peptides (OLP4) with or without the immunoadjuvants Montanide and polyinosinic-polycytidylic acid - poly-L-lysine carboxymethylcellulose (poly-ICLC) administered every 3 weeks for a total of 5 vaccinations in subjects with epithelial ovarian, fallopian tube, or primary peritoneal cancer in second or third clinical remission. Study objectives included determination of the safety and immunogenicity following vaccination. Interventions: BIOLOGICAL: NY-ESO-1 OLP4 | BIOLOGICAL: NY-ESO-1 OLP4 + Montanide | BIOLOGICAL: NY-ESO-1 OLP4 + Montanide + Poly-ICLC.
NCT03645148	"Study Title: Clinical Study of a Personalized Neoantigen Cancer Vaccine in Treating Patients With Advanced Pancreatic Cancer. Brief Summary: This research study is evaluating a new type of pancreatic cancer vaccine called ""Personalized Neoantigen Cancer Vaccine"" as a possible treatment for advanced pancreatic cancer. The purpose of the clinical study is evaluating the safety, tolerability and partial efficacy of the personalized neoantigen cancer vaccine in the treatment of Chinese patients with advanced pancreatic cancer, so as to provide a new personalized therapeutic strategy for advanced pancreatic cancer patients. It is known that cancer patients have mutations (changes in genetic material) that are specific to an individual patient and tumor. These mutations can cause the tumor cells to produce proteins that appear very different from the body's own cells. It is possible that these proteins used in a vaccine may induce strong immune responses, which may help the participant's body fight any tumor cells that could cause the cancer to come back in the future. The study will examine the safety of the vaccine when given at several different time points and will examine the participant's blood cells for signs that the vaccine induced an immune response. Interventions: BIOLOGICAL: iNeo-Vac-P01 | OTHER: GM-CSF."
NCT00019396	Study Title: flt3L With or Without Vaccine Therapy in Treating Patients With Metastatic Melanoma or Renal Cell Cancer. Brief Summary: RATIONALE: The drug flt3L may stimulate a person's immune system and help to kill tumor cells. Vaccines made from melanoma cells may make the body build an immune response to and kill their tumor cells. PURPOSE: Phase II trial to study the effectiveness of flt3L with or without vaccine therapy in treating patients with metastatic melanoma or renal cell cancer. Interventions: DRUG: flt3 ligand | DRUG: gp100 antigen | DRUG: MART-1 antigen | DRUG: Montanide ISA-51 | DRUG: tyrosinase peptide.
NCT01349647	Study Title: Immunization With a Pentavalent Vaccine Composed of KLH-conjugates of GD2L, GD3L, Globo H, Fucosyl GM1, and N-Propionylated Polysialic Acid. Brief Summary: Even when small cell lung cancer responds well to treatment with chemotherapy, it has a tendency to grow back and to spread. The investigators are interested in testing new therapies aimed at decreasing this risk. This study tests a vaccine, which is a substance injected under the skin which can cause an immune response. The hope is that the body will make antibodies to the vaccine which will also react against the cancer. The vaccine is specific for small cell lung cancer. It combines several components (small cell lung cancer targets) that have been tested individually in patients with small cell lung cancer or other cancers (GD2, GD3, Globo H, Fucosyl GM1 and N-propionylated polysialic acid). Two other substances (KLH and OPT-821) are added which boost the immune system. This study will have two groups of patients. The first group will receive the vaccines along with one cycle of chemotherapy. The second group will receive the vaccines without chemotherapy. Interventions: BIOLOGICAL: vaccine comprised of KLH conjugates of GD2L, GD3L, Globo H, fucosyl GM1, and N-propionylated polysialic acid plus OPT-821 adjuvant | BIOLOGICAL: Biological/Vaccine: vaccine comprised of KLH conjugates of GD2L, GD3L, Globo H, fucosyl GM1, and N-propionylated polysialic acid plus OPT-821 adjuvant.
NCT00674791	Study Title: Study of Cancer Peptides Vaccine Plus GM-CSF as Adjuvant Treatment for High Risk (TXN2-3M0) or Metastatic Breast Cancer With No Evidence of Disease. Brief Summary: This study will evaluate the safety and feasibility of administering a peptide vaccine consisting of twelve different tumor-rejection antigens to patients with high risk (TxN2-3M0) or metastatic breast cancer with no evidence of disease following their completion of systemic therapy. The vaccine is designed to elicit immune responses against twelve different pathways that are essential to tumor growth, survival and metastasis. Interventions: BIOLOGICAL: OCPM Immunotherapeutic Vaccine.
NCT00436930	Study Title: Vaccine Therapy and GM-CSF in Treating Patients With Recurrent or Metastatic Melanoma. Brief Summary: RATIONALE: Vaccines made from a person's tumor cells and white blood cells may help the body build an effective immune response to kill tumor cells. Colony-stimulating factors, such as GM-CSF, increase the number of white blood cells and platelets found in bone marrow or peripheral blood. Giving vaccine therapy together with GM-CSF may be an effective treatment for melanoma. PURPOSE: This randomized phase II trial is studying two different vaccine therapy regimens to compare how well they work when given together with GM-CSF in treating patients with recurrent or metastatic melanoma. Interventions: BIOLOGICAL: autologous tumor cell vaccine | BIOLOGICAL: sargramostim | BIOLOGICAL: therapeutic autologous dendritic cells.
